Dispatcher: [location] 911, where is the emergency? Hello? 911?
Caller: Can you please help me? Someone’s trying to get in my house.
Dispatcher: What are- what are they doing?
Caller: They tried my front door and my side door and now they’re trying to break in my back gate. 
Dispatcher: Okay, stay on the line with me. I’ve already got officers started. Do not hang up, okay?
Caller: Alright, I have a  gun in my hand. I’m terrified. 
Dispatcher: Okay, I’ve got officers already on the way. I'm going to keep you on the phone until the officers get there, okay, even if they threaten you.
Caller: Okay. 
Dispatcher: They’re trying the back gate now?
Caller: I think they’re in the back now. 
Dispatcher: Okay, so first the front door-
Caller: Somebody’s in the back and on my porch. 
Dispatcher: Someone’s on your porch?
Caller: Please hurry, please!
Dispatcher: Okay, ma’am? They’re coming out there as fast as they can. Can you see anybody?
Caller: Oh, no. 
Dispatcher: I’m not- I’m not asking you to look, but if- but did you see anyone? Are there any open windows?
Caller: No. Somebody is banging on my Arcadia door. 
Dispatcher: Okay, are you expecting anybody?
Caller: No. 
Dispatcher: Okay. 
Caller: There’s no vehicles out front in my driveway either. Now somebody is walking around on my back porch. 
Dispatcher: Uh- uh- yeah, like I said, I’m going to keep you on the phone until the officers get there, okay? Do not hang up. We have a lot of officers-
Caller: Oh! They just broke in. 
Dispatcher: They- it just- they just broke?
Caller: Yeah. They broke my Arcadia door.
Dispatcher: Okay, yeah. I’ve got them coming out there. They’re coming out as fast as they can. Have you heard any voices?
Caller: No, they’re coming in right now though.
Dispatcher: Okay, tell me if you see them. Tell me what they look like, how many of them are armed, whether they’re men, women. 
Caller: I just saw one. 
Dispatcher: You just saw one? Okay, did- did you see a person or did you see, like, a shadow of a person? 
Caller: I seen- green hoodie. They’re coming in right now. Please, please, please. 
Dispatcher: Yeah, they’re- they’re coming out as fast as they can. I promise you. They’re- they’re coming out there as fast as they can. I’ve got a lot of officers responding, and I’m- as- as everything you’re telling me I am typing and the dispatcher is giving it to them immediately. They’re getting all this information now. 
Caller: They’re breaking out my window.
Dispatcher: Are you- are you in your bedroom or?
Caller: I’m in my bathroom. 
Dispatcher: Yeah, they’re coming out as fast as they can. I’ve got a lot of officers responding. Is there an alley behind your house?
Caller: Yes. 
Dispatcher: You back up to the canal, right?
Caller: Yes. 
Dispatcher: Okay. 
Caller: He’s right here. 
Dispatcher: Okay. Yeah, you- you don’t- you don’t need to answer anything. I’m going to stay on the line with you, okay?
Intruder: Aw, fuck! What was that? What was that? What was that? What the fuck? What did you do? 
Dispatcher: What happened?
Intruder: What’d you do? Look at it. See it?
Caller: You see the way you just beat me half to death?
Intruder: I’m sorry, I’m sorry. 
Caller: What’d you come in my house for?
Intruder: I don’t know. 
Caller: I shot him. 
Dispatcher: You shot him?
Caller: Yeah. 
Intruder: Oh, my God. 
Dispatcher: Okay, I’ve got them- I’ve got everybody coming out for help, okay?
Intruder: Is he there?
Caller: Please hurry. Don’t get up or I’ll shoot your ass again!
Intruder: Okay, I won’t. Okay, okay.
Dispatcher: Okay, where did you shoot him? Ma’am? Where- where did you shoot him at?
Caller: In my house. He’s in my bathroom, half in my bathroom and half in the hallway. 
Dispatcher: No, no, where- where - where in his body? Where in his body did you shoot him?
Caller: What?
Dispatcher: Where in his body?
Caller: He’s laying half in my bathroom and half in the hallway. Where in the house- in the body?
Dispatcher: No, no, yeah. Like, did you hit-
Caller: I don’t know. 
Dispatcher: Okay. Okay, do you recognize him? Is he somebody- 
Caller: No, I don’t recognize him.
Dispatcher: Okay, so he came into the bathroom where you were?
Caller: I’m in the front bathroom.
Dispatcher: Okay. 
Caller: I said don’t move.
Dispatcher: What is he saying?
Caller: He said he thought the house was abandoned. An abandoned house with a car and locked doors and, yeah. He said he’s sorry. You knocked, you banged, you tried to get in doors. I heard you out there.
Intruder: Well, why didn’t you open it?
Caller: Because why should I unlock the door? And you’re rattling and beating on everything and trying to climb my fence. I’m not even gonna talk to you.
Dispatcher: Yeah, there’s- there’s no need to. The officers are gonna be there in a few. I’ve got just every officer on that part of town is responding out there, okay?
Caller: Please get somebody here. 
Dispatcher: Yeah, they’re- they’re coming out as fast as they can. Are you hurt at all?
Caller: I don’t know. My face is bleeding, I’m bleeding from someplace, I don’t even know where. I don’t know. He was beating on me.
Dispatcher: He was- he was hitting you?
Caller: He was beating on me when he found out I was in here. That’s why I dropped the phone and I almost dropped the gun, but I ended up shooting.
Dispatcher: Okay. Yeah, I’ve got- I’ve got them all coming out as fast as they can. They’re- they’re arriving in the area now, okay?
Caller: Yeah.
Dispatcher: When- when- when you hear them at the door I’m- I’m gonna- you’re gonna have to, uh-
Caller: I’m not gonna walk over the top of this guy.
Dispatcher: No, no, no, I’m not gonna want you to leave the bathroom. Yeah, I’m gonna have them come to you, but you’re gonna need to put the gun down, not near anyone. 
Caller: I will.
Dispatcher: Okay? Okay? 
Speaker 1: I’m here!
Dispatcher: I’m going to wait until you see the officers before I disconnect, okay? Yeah, I'm showing they are there. They should be coming inside. 
Caller: Okay. 
Dispatcher: Okay. 
Caller: Come right back. I put the gun down.  
Dispatcher: Okay, I'm gonna let you go now. Okay? Okay. Alright, bye-bye. 
