Dispatcher: Ambulance and Services, is the patient breathing? Ambulance and fire, (Inaudible).
Caller: Police, not- not fire. Not fire, police.
Dispatcher: Ambulance and police, sorry. 
Caller: Police.
Dispatcher: Is the patient awake?
Caller: I’ve just found- No. She’s already dead.
Dispatcher: Okay, tell me exactly what’s happened.
Caller: Uh- My wife came into the stables uh- a couple of hours ago. Uh- I've not been able to get her on the phone, I just went down the stables and she’s lying on the floor in a pool of blood. Uh-
Dispatcher: Who is lying on the floor?
Caller: It's my wife.
Dispatcher: Okay. Okay, we're going to help you now.
Caller: Is this- is this- we- we don't have an actual address to the stables.
Dispatcher: Okay.
Caller: It’s old. Sorry, go on.
Dispatcher: No, go on. I’ve gotten the address.
Caller: [address]
Dispatcher: [address]?
Caller: [address]
Dispatcher: Okay, have you got a postcode? 
Caller: Uh- I think the nearest one is the pub. Uh- [pub's name], uh- [postcode]. Jesus.
Dispatcher: Okay. Just try and stay calm. What's your name?
Caller: [caller's name] 
Dispatcher: [caller's name], okay. We’re gonna get that help for you.
Caller: Oh Christ.
Dispatcher: So you try and stay calm for me, [caller's name], okay? So I've got [incorrect address].So-
Caller: [address], not [incorrect address].
Dispatcher: [address]?
Caller: Yeah. Yeah.
Dispatcher: Okay, we're going to get help to you now, okay?
Caller: Please. Uh- oh Christ.
Dispatcher: And where abouts on [address]? What's this stables called? Is it the old stables? 
Caller: Uh- No. Uh- It's- It’s on the side of the road to that, it’s- it's near the pub. Uh-
Dispatcher: And what's it called?
Caller: Uh- It's just- we- we don't have a name? It's just the stables, we don't- we don't- we- we don't name- we’ve not named it.
Dispatcher: It's not got a name? Okay. 
Caller: No. Oh Christ.
Dispatcher: What does it look like? What are they looking for when they come down that road?
Caller: There’s two cars parked in the road. Mine and my wife’s. Mine- mine’s slightly in the road because the car's blocking the gate.
Dispatcher: Okay. 
Caller: Jesus.
Dispatcher: Okay, we're getting that help to you as quickly as we can. [Caller's name], just stay calm for me, okay?
Caller: Okay.
Dispatcher: I'm going to need to ask you some questions. This is not going to delay any help, okay?
Caller: Okay. 
Dispatcher: How old is she?
Caller: Uh- She’s- Uh- She's 50 this month. She turns 27 November, she’s 50.
Dispatcher: Okay.
Caller: So she is 49, 49. She's 49. 
Dispatcher: Okay. Alright, are you with her now?
Caller: Uh- I'm here, yeah.
Dispatcher: Okay.
Caller: Oh gosh, I can't go closer. I can't go near her. 
Dispatcher: Okay, [caller's name], try and stay calm. You're doing really well for me, okay?
Caller: Oh, Jesus Christ. What am I gonna tell my daughter?
Dispatcher: [Caller's name], try and stay calm for me, okay? You’re doing a really good job. Now, [caller's name], please tell me why it looks like she’s dead.
Caller: She’s lying on the floor in a pool of blood. I think brains are everywhere. Looks like she has her head beaten in.
Dispatcher: [Caller's name], sorry, tell me that again. There’s what everywhere?
Caller: Brains and blood. Oh God.
Dispatcher: Okay. [caller's name], we’re getting that help to you as quickly as we can. 
Caller: I need to calm myself. Oh Jesus Christ.
Dispatcher: [Caller's name], just try and stay calm. We're getting that help to you as quickly as we can, okay?
Caller: Okay. Oh Jesus. No.
Dispatcher: [Caller's name], when did you last see her?
Caller: Uh- oh christ. What time is it now? It's about- what time is it? About half nine? 
Dispatcher: It’s about 10 to 10 now. Is it today that you saw her?
Caller: Oh Geez. Yeah.
Dispatcher: Yeah?
Caller: Uh- I can't think of the time.
Dispatcher: Okay.
Caller: And I don't carry a watch. It is about an hour and a half, two hours ago.
Dispatcher: About 2 hours ago?
Caller: Yeah. We'd been shopping, talked to our daughter, been shopping. Uh- had some tea, and then she said she’d forgotten something. She came down to the stables. I walked the dog. She’d been there a while.
Dispatcher: Okay.
Caller: I started phoning her, she was so late. And I knew she- she carries three phones. I started phoning the phone that she got- she's got a little old one. Uh- Oh Jesus.
Dispatcher: Okay, [caller's name], do you-
Caller: She wasn’t answering, so I come down.
Dispatcher: Okay, [caller's name] do you-
Caller: I thought she got some trouble with the horses.
Dispatcher: David, do you know what’s happened to her? 
Caller: I have no idea. She’s just lying on the floor.