Dispatcher: 911, what’s the location of your emergency?
Caller: I’m right down on [street name].
Dispatcher: You’re on [street name]?
Caller: Yeah, [location]. 
Dispatcher: Okay, do you know the address there?
Caller: No. (unintelligible) it’s just on-
Dispatcher: I’m sorry, where?
Caller: My friend is dead. She drowned. 
Dispatcher: This is Summit County with a transfer. It’s gonna be at [location]. 
Caller: It’s north of [location]. Uh- my young friend was having lots of problems. I’m like a dad to her and we came back to this- by this pond. She decided to take her clothes off and go in the pond and I went in after her. I couldn’t see her and (unintelligible).
Dispatcher: (Unintelligible) there?
Caller: She went in the water. I kept telling her it was too cold, don’t go in, but she went in. 
Dispatcher: You saw her go in?
Caller: Yes, and she swam out across the lake and I kept yelling [friend's name] and I took off my clothes and I went in and I looked for her and I couldn’t find her. 
Dispatcher: Do you- do you think she drowned?
Caller: She's drowned. She swam around the lake and I couldn’t see her anymore and I was yelling [friend's name] and I took off my clothes and I swam out there and (unintelligible).
Dispatcher: Okay. Alright, my partner is dispatching the paramedics. I’m just going to ask you some questions, okay?
Caller: Okay, (unintelligible).
Dispatcher: Where’s the lake at?
Caller: It’s- it’s a pond. It’s a pond just west of [location]. Yes, I kept telling her it’s too cold, [friend's name] don’t go. She’s been having a lot of problems though. She’s flunking out of school and she can’t-
Dispatcher: Did- was she trying to commit suicide?
Caller: I think so and I couldn’t help her. 
Dispatcher: Are you her- are you her brother?
Caller: No, I’m like- I’m like her dad. 
Dispatcher: What’s your name, sir?
Caller: My name’s [caller's name]. Oh, God. Please help me.  
Dispatcher: They’re coming. Are you sure she’s under the water though?
Caller: Yes, she swam out there and I’ve been yelling [friend's name] for 5 minutes and I threw off my clothes and went in the water and kept swimming around. I had a quadruple bypass. I'm not a great swimmer, but I kept- I kept swimming around and I hope she’s playing a joke and just ran to the other side, but I don’t think so. She kept talking to me about suicide. She’s going to a recruiter today, said she wants to go into the military. She was flunking out of school. Her-
Dispatcher: Are you saying she was upset too as well?
Caller: Yeah, she has been for a couple of weeks now. (unintelligible) for her. 
Dispatcher: Was she intoxicated?
Caller: I guess, she had stuff to drink, yes. 
Dispatcher: Okay. 
Caller: Uh- she takes pills, anti-anxiety pills. Here they come, I see the lights. 
Dispatcher: Okay.
Caller: I see the lights, (unintelligible).
