Dispatcher: Do you need police or emergency?
Caller: Emergency!
Dispatcher: Okay, what’s the address, please? Okay, can you just-
Caller: My daughter’s not breathing!
Dispatcher: Okay, how old is your daughter?
Caller: Four months old! She’s only been out of hospital for three weeks. She’s a premie. 
Dispatcher: Okay, alright, okay (unintelligible), okay?
Caller: She's blue. She’s blue. 
Dispatcher: Just remain on the line for me for a moment. Okay, where is she now? Is she on the- on the floor or where?
Caller: On the couch.
Dispatcher: Sorry?
Caller: On the couch. 
Dispatcher: On the couch, okay. I want you to put her flat on her back on the floor and remove any pillows.
Caller: Yup.
Dispatcher: Okay, have you done that?
Caller: Yes. Please, help me!
Dispatcher: Alright, okay, listen. I want- uh- she’s not breathing at all?
Caller: No. No. I can't- 
Dispatcher: Alright. Okay, I’ll give you some instructions on what to do, okay?
Caller: Yes.
Dispatcher: Alright, I want you to take your hand on her forehead, okay? 
Caller: Yes.
Dispatcher: Your other hand underneath her neck-
Caller: Yes.
Dispatcher: -and tilt the head back. 
Caller: Yup.
Dispatcher: Okay, I want to listen, can you hear or feel any breathing? 
Caller: No. 
Dispatcher: Okay, alright, what I want you to do now, okay, is take the- uh- right between the nipples, okay? Bear the chest and get your uh- two fingers, your index finger and your other finger, and I kind of want you to pump the chest hard and fast, at least twice per second, okay? 
Caller: Yup.
Dispatcher: Okay, just do that 30 times and tell me when you’re done. 
Caller: She’s blue! She’s blue!
Dispatcher: Okay, have you done that?
Caller: She’s so small.
Dispatcher: Have you finished doing that?
Caller: Yes. 
Dispatcher: Okay, alright, what I want you to do is I want you to place your mouth over-directly over her mouth and nose, okay? 
Caller: Yep.
Dispatcher: Okay, and I want you to give her two- two breaths, alright?
Caller: Yes.
Dispatcher: Okay, you’ve done that? Okay, I want you to put your two fingers on the breastbone again 
Caller: Yeah.
Dispatcher: -and push down hard and fast another 30 times, twice a second. They’re in the area. 
Caller: How far are they?
Dispatcher: Okay, have you done that?
Caller: Yes. 
Dispatcher: Okay, I want you to uh- give her a breath again, so put your- put your mouth uh- over her mouth and nose. Do another two breaths. Have you done that?
Caller: Yes. 
Dispatcher: Okay, now go back to the chests and uh- give her another 30 compressions with your two fingers, okay? Okay, we do have the ambulance on the way to you there, okay?
Caller: (unintelligible)
Dispatcher: Okay, are you doing that with- the compressions? Okay, once you finish that I want you to give another two breaths. 
Caller: She’s not breathing. 
Dispatcher:  Okay, are you still going?
Caller: Yes. 
Dispatcher: Okay, just when you are giving her the breaths just make sure her head is tilted back slightly, okay? Can you just, can you just look in the mouth for any obstructions, any food or vomit?
Caller: Please, please hold the phone. There’s nothing in there. 
Dispatcher: Okay, alright. I want you to give her another two breaths, okay? 
Caller: [to Speaker 2] No. 
Dispatcher: Okay, look and just keep doing it, another 30 pushes with your fingers right on the breastbone. Okay, is there someone else there helping you?
Caller: My partner. 
Dispatcher: Okay, is- is he able to assist you doing either of those things?
Caller: Yes. 
Dispatcher: Okay, okay. Just, I want you to keep that cycle going, okay? Just keep doing the 30- 30 compressions with your two fingers followed by two breaths, and- and just when you’re doing the breaths make sure the whole mouth and nose is covered. 
Caller: Her stomach is bubbling. 
Dispatcher: It’s what, sorry?
Caller: It’s bubbling. 
Dispatcher: Bubbling, okay. You mean that’s the noise you can hear?
Caller: Yes.
Dispatcher: Okay. Alright, I just want you to keep going with that, okay? With the compressions. She’s what, sorry?
Speaker 2: She’s having a bit of a spew.
Dispatcher: She is now? Okay, I want you to quickly turn her on her side. Okay, turn her on her side and, uh- use your fingers to move any vomit out of her mouth. Are you doing that now?
Speaker 2: Yeah, she’s making noise. 
Dispatcher: Okay, alright. Can you- can you put your ear right next to her and listen for any- any actual breathing?
Speaker 2: Yeah, I think she’s breathing now. 
Dispatcher: She is breathing now? Okay. Alright. Okay, I just want you to leave her on the floor and just, um, keep monitoring her, okay?
Speaker 2: Yep.
Dispatcher: Okay, I want you to tell me every time she takes a breath, okay?
Speaker 2: Yep. 
Dispatcher: Okay, starting now just tell me every time she takes a breath. 
Speaker 2: Yep, breathing, and again, and again, and again.
Dispatcher: Okay, is she crying now?
Speaker 2: Ah, sort of, making noise anyway. 
Dispatcher: Okay. Okay, she’s still breathing okay at the moment?
Speaker 2: Yeah, yeah. 
Dispatcher: Is she still making any funny noises or any gurgling noises or anything?
Speaker 2: Yeah, there is gurgling and a bit of spew coming out of her nose and mouth still. 
Dispatcher: Okay, just make sure you, um, wipe anything out of the mouth that doesn’t go in the mouth, okay?
Speaker 2: Okay. I think they’re here now, mate. 
Dispatcher: They’re there now? Okay. Alright, I’ll let you go.
Speaker 2: Yep, they’re here, mate. 
Dispatcher: Okay, I’ll let you go then. 
Speaker 2: Okay, thank you. 
Dispatcher: Thank you, bye. 
