Caller: Hiya, I’ve- I’ve just gotten up, and I went to the toilet and noticed that my front door was open and my daughter is not here.
Dispatcher: Okay, what’s your address?
Caller: [address].
Dispatcher: Okay. Let’s just get the police on the way out there, okay? How old’s your daughter?
Caller: She’s 6.
Dispatcher: She’s 6?
Caller: Yes.
Dispatcher: Have you checked all the units? 
Caller: No, not yet. I’ve just gotten up. 
Dispatcher: Okay, what's your name? 
Caller: [caller's name]. I’m her mom. 
Dispatcher: Okay, [caller's name], what's your last name? 
Caller: [caller's surname].
Dispatcher: Yeah, and what's your uh- phone number there?
Caller: Uh-, I don’t- I’ve just got the mobile. I don’t know the mobile number.
Dispatcher: Okay, what’s your mobile?
Caller: Oh no, I don’t- I don’t know. 
Dispatcher: What’s your daughter’s name?
Caller: [daughter's name]. 
Dispatcher: What is it?
Caller: [daughter's name].  
Dispatcher: Spell it. 
Caller: [daughter's name]
Dispatcher: Yeah, [caller's surname]?
Caller: Uh- yes, yes. 
Dispatcher: And she’s 6?
Caller: Yeah, she’s 6. 
Dispatcher: Okay, so she’s- as far as you know she would be in her pajamas or you don’t know? 
Caller: Yes, yes, yeah. She’s in her pajamas. 
Dispatcher: Okay, so what time would you have last seen her, last night?
Caller: Uh- I put her to bed at 9:30, quarter to 10.
Dispatcher: Okay, and do you have any other family that live in the unit block? 
Caller: No.
Dispatcher: Any neighbors that she would talk to? 
Caller: No, no.
Dispatcher: And it runs off, what is that, [street name]?
Caller: Pardon?
Dispatcher: The corner street is [street name]?
Caller: [street name].
Dispatcher: Okay. Has she ever done this before?
Caller: No, no, no, not really. She looks out her win- window and shit but, I don’t- I don’t know.  
Dispatcher: Is she tall, short, skinny? 
Caller: She’s tall, she’s skinny, she’s got blonde hair, and blue eyes. 
Dispatcher: Yeah, and what color jammies did she have on last night?
Caller: She had pink pajamas and a purple jacket, a purple pumpkin patch jacket. 
Dispatcher: So pink pajamas and a purple jacket last night?
Caller: Yes, yes. 
Dispatcher: Okay. I’ve just let the police know. We’ve got police and got everybody on their way out to see you, okay? 
Caller: Yes, ma’am. 
Dispatcher: And she’s never done this?
Caller: No. Like, she gets up and plays, like, in the middle of the night she looks out- I’ve caught her at her window before with it open, but I don’t- I don’t think- I don’t know. 
Dispatcher: Yeah. Okay, and it’s- is it just the two of you that live there?
Caller: I’ve got a 2-year-old and a 3-week-old baby. 
Dispatcher: And are they still there?
Caller: Yeah, they- they’re- they're still here. 
Dispatcher: They’re still there? 
Caller: Yes.
Dispatcher: And have they seen the two-year-old? Did they- have they- have you quizzed the 2-year-old?
Caller: Have I- have I?
Dispatcher: Can your 2-year-old speak? Yeah.
Caller: No, she was in, like, she was in bed about sleeping as well. We’ve all just gotten up.
Dispatcher: Okay. So the two and three-week-old are still there?
Caller: Yes. And there’s my kid’s father here. He- he- my kids- he- he is here as well.  
Dispatcher: He is there as well? Okay. Alright. Now, [caller's name], we've got everybody on their way out there. So he’s out yelling the street for her? 
Caller: Yeah, he’s gone looking for her. 
Dispatcher: So that’s your ex-partner, is that right?
Caller: Yes, that’s right. (unintelligible)
Dispatcher: What's his name? 
Caller: [ex-partner's name]. 
Dispatcher: [ex-partner's name]?
Caller: Yeah, [ex-partner's name].
Dispatcher: [ex-partner's name] who?
Caller: [ex-partner's surname]. 
Dispatcher: Okay, and you've looked in all the cupboards?
Caller: Yes, she’s not here. I’ve looked everywhere.
Dispatcher: Does she have any birthmarks on her?
Caller: Uh-, she’s only got like a little one on her stomach. I’ve- I've got one in the same place as well. 
Dispatcher: Ears pierced?
Caller: Yes, but she hasn’t got the earrings in.  
Dispatcher: Okay, alright, [caller's name]. Well, I'm gonna hang up. We've got police on their way there now. 
Caller: Alright.
Dispatcher: If you hear anything before we get there you call us straight back. 
Caller: I will. 
Dispatcher: Okay, otherwise we'll be there as soon as possible, okay?
Caller: Yes. 
Dispatcher: All right, then we'll see you soon.
Caller: Alright, thank you.
Dispatcher: Bye. 
Caller: Bye.  
