Dispatcher: (unintelligible), what's your location?
Caller: Uh- [address]. 
Dispatcher: What's going on?
Caller: Uh- this guy that we know, is like literally wiped out on drugs or something for the last two days and we just woke up to get our kids ready for school and everything. And he is like sitting in our house.
Dispatcher: Is he inside or outside?
Caller: Well he's outside. We tried to make him leave and he wouldn't leave.
Dispatcher: And you know him?
Caller: Yes. I mean kind of. We just know of him
Dispatcher: Uh huh. What's he doing?
Caller: He's erratic and-
Dispatcher: He's there- is he on drugs or anything?
Caller: He's what?
Dispatcher: Is he on drugs?
Caller: I think so, yes.
Dispatcher: He's on drugs.
Caller: Yes.
Dispatcher: Okay. So what's his name?
Caller: Uh- what do- (to boyfriend) what's his last name? [intruder's name]. We need an ambulance because my boyfriend- he got his gun out and he wouldn't leave and he charged him and he- uh- I think he shot him, I don't know.
Dispatcher: Okay. Okay. Can you see- can you go ask-
Caller: He- he- okay my boyfriend just came in and said- my boyfriend just came in-
Dispatcher: They need- they need the ambulance now. He needs- okay, hold on. Okay. What- okay, ma'am. Ma'am?
Caller: Yes.
Dispatcher: Where's that man at?
Caller: He's in the driveway.
Dispatcher: He's on the driveway? Can you see him?
Caller: Yes. Yes, I can see him laying there. Please hurry.
Dispatcher: Okay, ma'am. They're on their way, okay?
Caller: (to boyfriend) Did you hear that? Oh god. Oh god. (unintelligible). Oh god.
Dispatcher: Okay, ma'am. 
Caller: Yes.
Dispatcher: Okay, ma'am, everyone's on their way, okay? I understand, I know you're really upset. They're all on their way, okay?
Caller: Okay.
Dispatcher: What's your- what's your name?
Caller: [caller's name].
Dispatcher: Okay. And do you- you say you do know who that guy is?
Caller: Yes. I mean he- my partner- my-
Dispatcher: What's his name?
Caller: Uh- [intruder's name].
Dispatcher: Okay. Okay.
Caller: (to boyfriend) They got people on the way.
Dispatcher: Okay. Yeah, they're all on the way. Can you- where's the gun at? Can you have your boyfriend put it away?
Caller: Yes, he's uh- he's uh- it's sitting on the couch. It's all undone.
Dispatcher: Okay. That's fine. Is it loaded or did he take it apart?
Caller: No, he took it apart.
Dispatcher: Okay. That's awesome. Okay, they're off the roundabout, they'll be there really soon, okay? Okay, and what did the man do when he came to your house? Was he- did he come inside your house?
Caller: Yes, he was sitting at our table.
Dispatcher: He was- so he got inside? How did- how did he get inside, do you know?
Caller: I don't- I- uh- probably through the back door was unlocked.
Dispatcher: Gotcha.
Caller: All the other doors are always looked but not the back one. We have a little house in our backyard and our kids go out there to hang out and watch TV and stuff. And-
Dispatcher: Okay. And uh- you told him to leave?
Caller: Yes. And he wouldn't. And he was watching us through our kitchen window. We were like 'leave! You just need to leave!'. Yesterday, he was apparently wandering around barefoot around town somewhere and my boyfriend saw him and picked him up. He couldn't find his car, he didn't know anything about where he was at or anything and so he took him home and then we just wake up this morning and he's sitting at our table. And he was like laughing and making these weird noises and he's just completely out of it.
Dispatcher: Okay, there's officers coming into your house now so if you can-
Caller: I see it. I see them.
Dispatcher: You see them? Okay, is your front door unlocked?
Caller: They went by, they went-
Dispatcher: Okay. Well-
Caller: It's hard to find. They're at the wrong one.
Dispatcher: They're at- there's a lot of them.
Caller: (to police) over here.
Dispatcher: [address]?
Caller: Yes.
Dispatcher: Okay.
Caller: My god. I've got- I don't know what to do. I need to get the kids out for school. Are- (to police) he was sitting at our table.
Dispatcher: Okay, are you talking to the officers?
Caller: Hello, I'm sorry what? Our kids-
Dispatcher: Okay. Alright, I'll let you go, they're talking to the police, okay?
Caller: Okay.
Dispatcher: Okay, alright. Thank you, bye.
Caller: Bye.
