Dispatcher: 911 [location], what is your emergency?
Caller: I need a policeman and an ambulance at my house, right now.
Dispatcher: Ma'am. Ma'am. 
Caller: No, listen to me. This lady is trying to get away. She stabbed my husband in the head.
Dispatcher: I need you to- calm down and give me the address, ma'am.
Caller: [address]. Hurry, please.
Dispatcher: What- what's going on, ma'am?
Caller: She tried to- she tried to get away. Please, send- just send somebody. 
Dispatcher: Okay, I need you to tell me why. What's going on?
Caller: My husband has (unintelligible) her and now she's busted the door out and stabbed him. Please hurry up.
Dispatcher: She came into your house and stabbed him?
Caller: Yeah.
Dispatcher: Who is 'she'?
Caller: Please, just send somebody. Okay, he told her (unintelligible) is asleep but he's bleeding very bad. 
Dispatcher: Okay, I getting them out, ma'am. Where's- who is the female?
Caller: (unintelligible). 
Dispatcher: Hello?
Caller: Just hurry up.
Dispatcher: Ma'am, where is the lady? Is she still there?
Caller: Yes. And he's trying to hold her down but she said she's not going to jail so she's stabbing him and she's bit- she's biting him. 
Dispatcher: Ma'am? Hello? Ma'am? Ma'am?
Caller: Hello.
Dispatcher: This is the-
Caller: Hurry up.
Dispatcher: Ma'am. I have them on the way. What is the female's name, you're talking about?
Caller: My husband is bleeding to death. Now, would you just send somebody.
Dispatcher: Ma'am. I'm telling you, they're on the way. Who is the female that stabbed your husband?
Caller: It is- her name is [intruder's first name], okay? 
Dispatcher: [intruder's first name]?
Caller: He's got her, he's trying to hold her down. And she-
Dispatcher: Your husband's trying to hold her?
Caller: -she punched him up.
Dispatcher: What is she stabbing him with?
Caller: I don't know. It's a knife, sticking out of his head.
Dispatcher: A knife?
Caller: Yes, I just saw it sticking out of his head. 
Dispatcher: It's still in his head? Okay, what's your name, ma'am?
Caller: My name is [caller's first name] and I'm sorry but I am really freaked out right now.
Dispatcher: Okay, I understand, ma'am. And I'm sorry but they're on their way, okay? Who is she to you all?
Caller: She used to work for him.
Dispatcher: She used to work for him?
Caller: Yes, and she stole a lot of equipment, so he pressed charges on her. And now all of a sudden she's in our house in the middle of the night stabbing him.
Dispatcher: She's still in there, right?
Caller: Yes. He's just trying to get away but he's bleeding. 
Dispatcher: Okay. Does she have a car or anything out there, that you know?
Caller: I don't know.
Dispatcher: You don't know? Do you have any kids or anything over there?
Caller: Yes, I have four.
Dispatcher: You have four kids inside?
Caller: Yes.
Dispatcher: Yes. Do you know her last name?
Caller: Why are they not here? I don't know what her last name is.
Dispatcher: They're on the way, okay?
Caller: (to husband) baby, I told you that. Why are they not here yet?
Dispatcher: Ma'am, please. They're- they're coming as fast as they can. They're coming to help your husband. They're coming as fast as they can. Is your husband still conscious?
Caller: (unintelligible) killing her before they get here if they don't hurry up.
Dispatcher: Is your husband still holding her down?
Caller: Yes, he's trying but he's losing-
Dispatcher: Ma'am. Okay. How old is-
Caller: I don't know how old she is. Please stop asking me questions.
Dispatcher: No, no. Ma'am, ma'am. I mean your husband not her.
Caller: Yes? Forty-one.
Dispatcher: He's forty-one? Okay. Are your kids in another room?
Caller: What?
Dispatcher: Are your kids in another room?
Caller: Yes, they're upstairs asleep. Please tell everyone to hurry up. 
Dispatcher: Okay. 
Caller: Why are they not here yet? Why are they not here?
Dispatcher: Try to calm down, ma'am. They're on their way. They're coming as fast as they can.
Caller: I'm coming, [husband's name]. I'm going to end up killing her if she doesn't be still, okay? I'm going to hit her with this baseball bat if she doesn't be still. 
Dispatcher: Ma'am, just-
Caller: Look, I'm going to keep her there one way or another. She's not getting away this time. This is the problem. They couldn't find her.
Dispatcher: Okay.
Caller: Okay. The police are supposed to be arresting her for the last month. (to husband) what? I know. [intruder's name], be still. I'm not going to kill you, lady, you're going to prison is what's going to happen. 
Dispatcher: You said your husband filed a restraining order on her before?
Caller: There is supposed to be a warrant out for her arrest but the police aren't doing their job. [intruder's name], I'm not going to kill you, okay? No. Ma'am you need to get that- uh- ambulance here quick, okay? He's bleeding everywhere.
Dispatcher: He's bleeding everywhere? Where did she stab him? In the chest?
Caller: No, in the head.
Dispatcher: In the head.
Caller: (to husband) I've already told her that three times, [husband's name].
Dispatcher: Okay, I have that. But you said he- she was stabbing- she was still continuing to stab him.
Caller: I've said all I can see right now.
Dispatcher: Okay.
Caller: (to intruder) Just be still.
Dispatcher: Where are you all at in the house?
Caller: We're in the bedroom.
Dispatcher: In the bedroom? Is the door open or anything?
Caller: I was just standing in the doorway. I don't remember if I left it open or not.
Dispatcher: Okay.
Caller: [intruder's name], shut up. Ma'am, can I please get off the phone now because I'm going to have to wind up hitting her.
Dispatcher: You have a bat, ma'am?
Caller: Yes, I do. And if I have to, I will use it.
Dispatcher: Okay. They're- they're-
Caller: My husband is bleeding all over the place.
Dispatcher: Somebody- okay they should be coming, okay?
Caller: Okay, he's doing all he can to hold her down and if she moves, I'm going to hit her.
Dispatcher: Okay, they're- they should be coming in- they should be coming in a minute.
Caller: Okay. But I have-
Dispatcher: Wait. Hold on, hold on. Hold on. Don't hang up, ma'am. Don't hang up.
Caller: Well what do you want me to do?
Dispatcher: Okay, where your bedroom at located in your house? They come in the door, where do they go?
Caller: To the left.
Dispatcher: To the left?
Caller: Yes.
Dispatcher: Is it in the back?
Caller: She's running through the door. (to intruder) come here, come here, come here, come here. Hurry, hurry, hurry. 
Dispatcher: She's running?
Caller: (unintelligible). Hurry, please, hurry. 
Dispatcher: They should be coming up, ma'am. Hold on for me. What-
Caller: (unintelligible) you okay?
Dispatcher: Tell me what she- you have an officer?
Caller: Yes, they're here.
Dispatcher: Okay.
Caller: Okay, but now we need an ambulance.
Dispatcher: Okay, they're coming.
Caller: Okay, bye.