Dispatcher: (unintelligible) 911?
Caller: Hi. I need an uh- ambulance at [address].
Dispatcher: Okay, can you say the address again?
Caller: [address].
Dispatcher: Okay, [address]. What's the problem?
Caller: Yes, I have a baby and was sleeping. (unintelligible). She was gagging on her vomit. And I don't know- I don't know what to- what to- what's going on but she- she's like, just laying here.
Dispatcher: Is she- is she awake?
Caller: She isn't even my daughter. No. So I'm trying to give her mouth to mouth but I really don't know what I'm doing.
Dispatcher: Okay. What I need you to do is I need you to lay- roll her over on her stomach, okay?
Caller: Okay.
Dispatcher: Put your hand underneath her stomach-
Caller: Okay.
Dispatcher: -roll her over on your hand. Okay?
Caller: Okay.
Dispatcher: And- and tap her back. Just try and get the vomit out of her-
Caller: What? I'm going to- it- it -it's a- uh-  (unintelligible) lay down, I-
Dispatcher: Okay, is she breathing?
Caller: Uh- 
Dispatcher: Put your- put your ear close to her mouth.
Caller: Uh- Okay.
Dispatcher: Is she breathing?
Caller: No. She's breathing softly.
Dispatcher: She's breathing softly?
Caller: Uh- yes. I- her heart, yes.
Dispatcher: Can you feel the breath?
Caller: Very softly though. Barely.
Dispatcher: Okay, does she- does she have a pulse? She's breathing, though, that's important. Does she have a pulse? Can you check her neck? If she has a pulse? Can you rub her back a little bit to see if you can- if you can wake her up?
Caller: No, she's not waking up.
Dispatcher: She's not waking up?
Caller: No.
Dispatcher: Okay. But she is breathing?
Caller: I- I think so. (unintelligible)
Dispatcher: Ma'am, is she breathing?
Caller: I don't know, I don't think she is (unintelligible).
Dispatcher: Okay, I'm going to need you- I'm going to need you to take a deep breath and to calm down. You need to tell me whether she's breathing or not, if all the vomit is out of her mouth?
Caller: No, I don't think so. No.
Dispatcher: Okay. I need you to lower her back over on her stomach on your hand.
Caller: Okay. 
Dispatcher: And give- and chaff her back. So that the vomit comes out.
Caller: She's not doing anything. She's (unintelligible).
Dispatcher: Is that her crying or is that somebody else crying?
Caller: That's my daughter. That's my little daughter, she- she is with me yes.
Dispatcher: Okay. You're there by yourself with her?
Caller: No- no, it's me and my (unintelligible).
Dispatcher: Okay. Alright. Now, is she breathing?
Caller: No.
Dispatcher: She's not breathing? Check-
Caller: No. 
Dispatcher: -okay. I need you to- to tilt her head back completely-
Caller: Okay.
Dispatcher: And I need you to out your mouth over her nose and her mouth.
Caller: Okay.
Dispatcher: And I want you to give her two breaths and make sure you can see if her chest rises.
Caller: Okay. 
Dispatcher: Did her chest rise up?
Caller: Yes, yes.
Dispatcher: Okay. Check to see if she's breathing. Can you check to- can you see if she's got a pulse?
Caller: No- I don't think so. No.
Dispatcher: You don't think so?
Caller: No.
Dispatcher: Okay. What I need you to do is to take your two fingers-
Caller: I'm (unintelligible).
Dispatcher: Okay. Is the- is the ambulance there?
Caller: No, I (unintelligible) the door open.
Dispatcher: Okay, the- the officers should be on scene. Officers should-
Caller: I hear them, I hear them.
Dispatcher: Okay. I'm going to let you go then.
Caller: Okay. 
Dispatcher: Alright. Good job.
Caller: Bye. 



