Dispatcher: 911, what is your emergency?
Caller: Yes, uh- my girlfriend went- left last night. Uh- we were at the [bar name] and staying at a hotel there and she hasn't made it back to the hotel. She's- I don't know where she went.  She's got to it- She was going out leaving with some other guy. And she hasn't made it back. 
Dispatcher: Okay and where are you at?
Caller: The [hotel name].
Dispatcher: What room?
Caller: [room number].
Dispatcher: What is your name?
Caller: It's [caller's name].
Dispatcher: How do you spell your last name?
Caller: [caller's surname].
Dispatcher: And your phone number is [caller's number]?
Caller: Yes. Yes, ma'am. 
Dispatcher: And where do you live, [caller's name]?
Caller: Uh- in- in [address].
Dispatcher: That's [address]?
Caller: Yes, ma'am. I've been pacing since five thirty this morning.
Dispatcher: Okay.
Caller: Uh- could- could- uh- she- she was pretty- she was pretty intoxicated and-
Dispatcher: Okay.
Caller: -we have some insecurities and-
Dispatcher: Okay, what is her name?
Caller: Uh- [girlfriend's name]. I just- I didn't know, maybe she got picked up for (unintelligible), maybe she walked down the road. She was in a- uh- with a cute dress and some high heels and I had her ID and her phone was in the room on the charger. We took my phone and I really didn't think anything of it because she was like- she was like 'well this guy over here has been hitting on me and telling me you ain't treating me right' uh- 'and that he'll take me home'. And I was like 'whatever, if that's what you really want'.
Dispatcher: Okay what kind of- what color dress?
Caller: Uh- it was like white and black. With black high heels with- with little beady silver balls, I think, on the bottom of the heel. And her purse is in the car, she don't have anything with her. I drove it up and down the streets to look in case she was walking down the road or something. 
Dispatcher: Uh huh.
Caller: And I- I- I haven't seen her. And I called- I mean I've talked to her parents, to her ex-husband and- but- she ain't- nobody's heard from her. 
Dispatcher: Okay. Is her phone in the room, or is- her purse is in the car?
Caller: Yeah. Yeah her phone- her phone is here. She didn't- she- she was wearing a- she was wearing a dress- she didn't have any pockets. 
Dispatcher: Okay. let me go ahead and have an out- an officer come and see you, okay?
Caller: Okay, thank you.
Dispatcher: Uh huh.
