Dispatcher: 911, what's the address of your emergency?
Caller: Oh, there has been a murder-suicide. There is no survivors. Please send help.
Dispatcher: Okay, what's going on? Who- what's going on?
Caller: Uh- my ex-boyfriend broke into my house and killed my current boyfriend and then killed himself.
Dispatcher: Okay. Did you just find them?
Caller: Uh- no, he killed my current boyfriend and then he held me hostage and then he just shot himself in the head. 
Dispatcher: Just now?
Caller: Yeah.
Dispatcher: Okay, stay on the line with me.
Caller: Oh my god. And uh- he kinda beat me up. So just- and my parents aren't home, it's just me and I'm seventeen. 
Dispatcher: What's his name?
Caller: [ex-boyfriend's name] and [current boyfriend's name] are the victims.
Dispatcher: [current boyfriend's name]?
Caller: [current boyfriend's last name].
Dispatcher: Okay. 
Caller: Uh- he doesn't have a lot- 
Dispatcher: Where's the weapons at right now?
Caller: What?
Dispatcher: Where are the weapons at? Where's the gun?
Caller: The gun is- the axe is in [current boyfriend's name]'s head and the gun is in [ex-boyfriend's name]'s hand.
Dispatcher: Where are you at inside the house?
Caller: Uh- I'm sitting in our breakfast nook, uh- [ex-boyfriend's name] is in the living room. There's the kitchen between us. He's- he's dead, he's gone. 
Dispatcher: And so [ex-boyfriend's name] killed [current boyfriend's name]?
Caller: Yeah. (unintelligible)
Dispatcher: Don't touch anything, okay? Can you do me a favor? Can you go sit on the porch?
Caller: Yeah.
Dispatcher: What's your name?
Caller: [caller's name]. I can't walk so I have to-
Dispatcher: You can't walk? Okay, just stay there. Are you still tied up?
Caller: No, he untied me.
Dispatcher: Okay, do you need an ambulance?
Caller: Oh my god.
Dispatcher: What's- [caller's name]?
Caller: Yes?
Dispatcher: Okay, what happened?
Caller: I put too much pressure on my leg.
Dispatcher: Okay. How long did he hold you guys captive for?
Caller: What?
Dispatcher: How long did he hold you captive for?
Caller: Oh god. Since like eight o'clock, seven thirty.
Dispatcher: Since eight o'clock this morning?
Caller: Yeah.
Dispatcher: Did he break into the house?
Caller: Yeah, my mom- he watched my mom leave.
Dispatcher: He watched your mom-
Caller: And he just came in when [current boyfriend's name] and I were sleeping.
Dispatcher: Okay, yep. Okay, are you on the par- are you on the porch right now?
Caller: Yeah. The- it's- sorry, my leg really hurts.
Dispatcher: No, no, no. That's okay. Do you need an ambulance?
Caller: Uh- I-
Dispatcher: Yeah.
Caller: An ambulance? No. A medic? Yes.
Dispatcher: Yeah, we'll that's what it- that's what sending out the ambulance-
Caller: I don't need to go to the hospital.
Dispatcher: Okay.
Caller: I just want to get these bodies out of my house.
Dispatcher: Okay. Yep, we're on the way.
Caller: Okay, thank you. Are you going to stay on the line with me?
Dispatcher: Okay. (to colleague) Nope, her mom left for work. And there's nobody else in there, correct?
Caller: Correct. I can call my dad. He- he works at [company], so he can be home in about ten minutes. Uh- my mom doesn't have a cellphone so I don't know how to get a hold of her. Because she- she doesn't have a job. She got picked up by a friend this morning. Uh-
Dispatcher: Okay. Alright, but there is no way- just confirming- there is nobody else in the house?
Caller: No.
Dispatcher: Okay, and where does [ex-boyfriend's name] live at? Where would he be registered out of?
Caller: Uh- by the [location], I don't know his address. 
Dispatcher: You don't know his address? Do you know his-
Caller: He lives on [street name].
Dispatcher: He lives on [street name]?
Caller: Yeah.
Dispatcher: Okay. Do you know his- uh-
Caller: His car is here in his mom's name. He wants me to call his mom but-
Dispatcher: Yeah, no. Don't worry about that. We'll take care of that.
Caller: Yeah, my cellphone's inside. I grabbed the house phone because-
Dispatcher: Yup.
Caller: -he had my cellphone when he shot himself. And I didn't even want to look.
Dispatcher: Nope, that's fine. Okay, do you know what his middle name and the date of birth is?
Caller: Uh- the cop is passing me right now. 
Dispatcher: Okay, yeah. He's probably just going to pack just down the street, okay?
Caller: Yeah. Thank you so much.
Dispatcher: Okay. No, not a problem. Just stay on the line with me until he's up there with you, okay?
Caller: Okay. (to police) I- I can't walk, he beat me up, I can't walk. 
Dispatcher: Do you know what [ex-boyfriend's name]'s middle name is?
Caller: [ex-boyfriend's middle name].
Dispatcher: And, do you know what his date of birth is?
Caller: It's tomorrow. He would be turning twenty.
Dispatcher: He would be twenty tomorrow?
Caller: (to police) There's no one else in the house, they're all dead. Yeah, the officer is coming up to me right now. Uh-
Dispatcher: Okay, go ahead and talk to the officer, okay [caller's name]?
Caller: Okay, thank you. 
Dispatcher: Alright.
Caller: Yes, thank you.
Dispatcher: Bye bye.
Caller: Bye bye.