Dispatcher: Is this (unintelligible)?
Caller: Yes, yes hurry. Hurry.
Dispatcher: Alright, paramedics, what's the address of the emergency?
Caller: [address].
Dispatcher: What city?
Caller: [city].
Dispatcher: Okay, what's the emergency there?
Caller: (unintelligible).
Dispatcher: What is the emergency there?
Caller: (unintelligible).
Dispatcher: What is the emergency?
Caller: She fell in the pool. The baby fell in the pool. No, don't (unintelligible).
Dispatcher: Okay. Paramedics are on the way. What's the phone number if they need to call you back?
Caller: [phone number].
Dispatcher: Is the baby out of the water?
Caller: Yes.
Dispatcher: Okay. How old?
Caller: Uh- 19 months.
Dispatcher: Okay. Is he breathing?
Caller: No. A little girl.
Dispatcher: Okay. Do you- is somebody there that knows how to do CPR? Knows how to do rescue breathing?
Caller: We're trying.
Dispatcher: Okay. Does she have a pulse?
Caller: Uh- she's put- (to someone else) come on, keep going, [name].
Dispatcher: Okay. Does she have a pulse?
Caller: There's a pulse.
Dispatcher: Okay, are you doing CPR or do you need me to coach you through it?
Caller: We- coach me through it, please.
Dispatcher: Okay. Get the baby on a firm, flat surface.
Caller: Yes.
Dispatcher: Okay, she's got a pulse? Do not do CPR, okay? Tilt her head back and open her airways to see if she's breathing. 
Caller: (to someone else) head back, head back.
Dispatcher: How long was she in the pool?
Caller: We don't know.
Speaker 1: A couple of minutes.
Caller: No, we don't know. She's going-
Speaker 1: She just (unintelligible) water.
Caller: She's gone, [Speaker 1's name].
Speaker 1: I- I- I need- I- I'm- I'm- I need to officers getting here like now.
Dispatcher: Yeah, they're coming to you as fast as they can, okay? Okay, is she breathing?
Speaker: She's got a lot of water-
Caller: A lot of water's coming out.
Dispatcher: Okay, roll her on her side, get the water out.
Caller: (to Speaker 1) keep going.
Dispatcher: Okay, and then as soon as you roll her on her side and get the water out, roll her back on her back and tilt- tilt her head back, lift her chin up, see if she's breathing.
Caller: She's trying- she's trying. Water's still coming out. Keep going.
Dispatcher: Okay, just keep rolling her on her side when the water comes out.
Caller: (to Speaker 1) okay, keep going, on her side- on her side. Come on, baby girl, you've got this. 
Dispatcher: Okay, is she breathing yet?
Caller: No.
Speaker 1: No. Just, water keeps coming out.
Caller: (to Speaker 1) keep going, [Speaker 1's name].
Speaker 1: I got it, I got it. Come on.
Caller: Come on, baby girl.
Speaker 1: Come on, girl.
Caller: Come on, baby.
Dispatcher: Okay, does she have a pulse?
Speaker 1: Next, should we put air into her? Yes, she has a pulse. I have a small pulse. Yes.
Dispatcher: Does- okay, she has a pulse? If she is not breathing and you know how to do that, go ahead and breathe for her. Okay, tilt her head back. Blow some air into her face. Make a seal with a- with your mouth around her mouth and nose and blow gently until her chest rises. And keep her head tilted back.
Caller: Okay. On her side, on her side, on her side.
Speaker 1: She's stiffening up on me. 
Caller: (to Speaker 1) Nope, keep going. We got it.
Dispatcher: Okay. Each- each time water comes out, just roll her on the side to get the water out, okay?
Speaker 1: I got it.
Caller: We need to get some air into her.
Speaker 1: I don't know.
Dispatcher: What does her color look like?
Caller: Pale.
Speaker 1: She's getting pale now. Her lips- she's warm. Her neck is warm. Just get a fucking ambulance here.
Dispatcher: They're on the way. They're coming to you as fast as they can, okay?
Speaker 1: Okay, let's tilt her head back.
Caller: Oh no, on her side, on her side, [Speaker 1's name], on her side.
Speaker 1: Come on, honey. Come on, baby.
Caller: Okay, let me breath into her.
Speaker 1: Come on, baby. I got it, I got it.
Dispatcher: Okay, is she breathing yet?
Speaker 1: Okay. Keep putting small amounts of air into her, okay? And if water comes out, roll her on her side, again.
Caller: Nope, nope, nope, not going to happen. Come on, [baby's name].
Dispatcher: What's not going to happen?
Caller: Come on.
Speaker 1: Come on, baby. Come on, get it out.
Caller: Come on, baby.
Speaker 1: Come on.
Caller: Keep going, [Speaker 1's name]. 
Speaker 1: Come on, honey. Come on.
Dispatcher: Okay, does she still have water coming out of her mouth? Okay, just keep rolling her on her side and get it cleared out. And then roll her back and breathe for her again. 
Caller: But not too much.
Dispatcher: Just- just enough to make her chest rise, is all you need to do.
Caller: Come on, [baby's name].
Speaker 1: Come on, [baby's name].
Caller: Are they on their way?
Dispatcher: They're are on their way. They've been on their way for several minutes, okay? They're just about there. They're right down the street. Should be pulling up right out front. Are you guys in the back yard? Are you in the back yard?
Speaker 1: Yeah. We're right there, dude, we're right there. Come on, [baby's name].
Caller: Come on, baby girl.
Dispatcher: Okay, they're right out front. They should be coming. Is she breathing yet or does she still get water coming out?
Caller: Still water.
Speaker 1: She's choking.
Dispatcher: Okay, just keep rolling her on her side. Get that water out.
Speaker 1: Come on, baby.
Caller: Oh my god. Let me get some air- let me get some air into her.
Speaker 1: There's definitely water still coming.
Caller: Yes.
Speaker 1: Good.
Caller: She's stopped breathing. We need to get some air into her.
Dispatcher: Yeah, yeah. Just keep rolling her on her side, clear the water out and then breathe for her again. Okay, are the firemen there yet?
Caller: Yeah, they got us, they got us. Go. Go, go, go. (to Speaker 1) grab the iPad.
Dispatcher: Okay, the fire department is there? 
Caller: Yes.
Dispatcher: Okay. I'll let you go. 
Caller: Bye.
Dispatcher: Alright, good job. 






