Dispatcher: Police?
Speaker: Hi uh- uh- I need the police. I need some assistance, please.
Dispatcher: Okay, why do you need the police?
Caller: I do, I- 
Dispatcher: Why, what’s happened?
Caller: Why? Uh- my partner is in the kitchen, he’s on the floor, and (unintelligible) we were having an argument and he’s stabbed himself, right? It’s not the first time he’s done it. The last time he smashed himself in the head with a hammer, and I just need him out of my property. I need him out-
Dispatcher: Is he badly injured? Is he badly injured?
Caller: I don’t know. He’s on the floor. 
Dispatcher: Alright, what’s your name?
Caller: I've just come out of the way ‘cause he’s fighting himself with a knife. 
Dispatcher: What’s your name? Tell me your name, please? Tell me your name. 
Caller: My name is [caller's name].
Dispatcher: Right. What’s the address, [caller's name]? And you don’t know how bad the injury is, no? Is he conscious?
Caller: I don’t know. I’ve come out of the way because he’s tried to stab about him and he punched me all over and he’s tried to cut himself with a knife. And he’s lying-
Dispatcher: He’s definitely, he’s definitely, he’s definitely cut himself already, yeah? He’s- he's actually stabbed himself?
Caller: Yep. Right, yes he has. Right-
Dispatcher: Stay on the phone with me, okay?
Caller:-I've come to the kitchen now. He’s un- not- he's unconscious. [partner's name; x4] Look at us. Look at us. [partner's name], look at us. 
Dispatcher: Is he unconscious?
Caller: No, he’s not. He’s semi-conscious. He’s stabbed himself in the fucking chest. Right?
Dispatcher: Has he lost a lot of blood?
Caller: No, no. 
Dispatcher: What’d he use to stab himself?
Caller: He does this all time, man, and I’m sick of it because he does this on purpose and he blames me. [partner's name]?
Dispatcher: What’s he used to stab himself?
Caller: A fucking knife. 
Dispatcher: Okay, what sort of knife has he used, [caller's name]?
Caller: Uh- it’s a big kitchen knife. I’m going to turn the music down because I’ve been sitting in the kitchen with him all night, right? He’s a fucking lunatic and I’m sick of this shit. [partner's name; x2]? Stop it. 
Dispatcher: Is he still conscious, yeah? 
Caller: Look at us. [partner's name], look at us. [partner's name; x2]. Look at us. Look at us. No, he’s not. He’s sem- semi-conscious. 
Dispatcher: Right. What’s [partner's name]'s surname? 
Caller: His name is [partner's name]. Right. Have we-
Dispatcher: We’re going as quick as we can, okay? We’ll not be far. 
Caller: -not responding. 
Dispatcher: Right. We’re not far now, okay?
Caller: [partner's name; x2] Please, baby. Please. Please. Please, baby. The door is open. Please! I’m in the (unintelligible) kitchen with him. 
