Dispatcher: [location] 911, what's the location of your emergency?
Caller: Uh- [address].
Dispatcher: What's the address?
Caller: [address].
Dispatcher: [address]?
Caller: Yes. And [location].
Dispatcher: What's the apartment number?
Caller: Uh- building A. Somebody (unintelligible) and got a baby. The baby is- a baby is missing out here. 
Dispatcher: What's the number you're calling me from, ma'am? [caller's number]? Ma'am?
Caller: Excuse me?
Dispatcher: [caller's number]?
Caller: Yeah, that's my number, yes. I'm just calling being the- you know, concerned- you know-
Dispatcher: Who- who- who's the baby- who's the child's parent? Let me speak with them.
Caller: Hold- hold on. [Mother], come get the phone.
Dispatcher: Hello?
Mother: (unintelligible, to someone) said she's dead. That is not gonna help you or nobody else. (unintelligible).
Dispatcher: Hello? Hello? Hello?
Mother: (to caller) shut the fuck up.
Dispatcher: Hello?
Mother: (unintelligible, to someone). 
Dispatcher: Hello? Hello?
Caller: Hello?
Dispatcher: Ma'am, what's going on out there? You're saying a baby is missing?
Caller: The baby is missing, yes.
Dispatcher: Okay.
Caller: Yes, ma'am. The baby is missing, this is all I know. I- I just live out here. She can't walk- the baby cannot walk.
Dispatcher: Okay, what is your name?
Caller: [caller's name].
Dispatcher: [caller's name]?
Caller: Yeah. (to Mother) I'm on the phone with the police. Hello?
Dispatcher: So nobody knows about how long the child's been gone? 
Caller: No, because she was asleep.
Dispatcher: So somebody took the child?
Caller: Yes.
Dispatcher: Do we know who took the child?
Caller: Nobody knows who took the child.
Dispatcher: Is she- how- is- how old is the child?
Caller: Excuse me?
Dispatcher: How old is the child?
Caller: (to Mother) how old is your baby, [Mother's name]? One? She can't walk. 
Dispatcher: Stay on the phone, do not hang up with me, okay?
Caller: I this she do, I think she do. 
Dispatcher: You think you- you do what?
Caller: Talking about the baby? Yeah. 
Dispatcher: Do they know who took her?
Caller: No, ma'am. Nobody know who took her. We're all out here looking for the baby.
Dispatcher: Who's the child's mother?
Caller: Oh, [mother's name]. (to someone) It don't make no sense, that's what I said. 
Dispatcher: So somebody came into the house and took the child?
Caller: Oh my god, ma'am, I don't know. All I need is police- 
Dispatcher: They're coming. I've already got them en route to you. But I need to find out as much information from you as I can, okay?
Speaker 1: This- this [Speaker 1's name], this somebody else, ma'am. What- what do you need?
Dispatcher: I need to know if somebody walked into the house where the child was asleep and took the child? Was the child awake? What was going on?
Speaker 1: The parents are really not saying nothing. They just crying and hollering. I don't know, we just stay out here. She came out hollering saying that her baby is gone. She has a older- like a daughter that's- I don't know exactly how old she is but she look like she maybe three? And she was up so I don't know exactly what happened. I'm just trying to- they hollering and crying, so we don't- I asked her to call her baby dad to see if he- you know, picked the child up but the older little girl here. And she keep saying if the- you know, if he got the baby, he would have got the older one. So it was just kinda confusing, like- I don't know. It don't make sense.
Dispatcher: Well, you've given me more information than the other female did. Uh- So what apartment do they live in? How- how- what apartment does the mother live in?
Speaker 1: Hold on, let me check. [Mother], what apartment you stay in? A what? A as in apple. Ten?
Dispatcher: Perfect.
Speaker 1: The little girl-
Dispatcher: Okay, has she got her other child?
Speaker 1: Yes, she like- she about three. She trying to say something but they are taking it out on her because the baby's gone. So it's like- she's nervous. So we trying to figure out what's going on.
Dispatcher: Alright, just- is the- does- do both children have the same father?
Speaker 1: Yes, ma'am.
Dispatcher: They do? They do?
Speaker 1: Yeah. I mean, I don't know if you need to send the ambulance because the mom is like passing out, too. So I don't know what's going on.
Dispatcher: Stay on the phone with me, okay?
Speaker 2: Okay. (to someone) yeah, just go around knocking on doors to see if somebody took her, just if she's seen outside or something. And check up on the beds and everything, like- but I'm saying what if she would have (unintelligible), you don't know. Just- just check. That's what I'm saying. We went down these woods-
Dispatcher: So- so, has anybody gone through the apartment, yet?
Speaker 2: Ma'am?
Dispatcher: So, no one's been through the apartment all together, yet?
Speaker 2: Well they said they been checking the apartment. I just tell them to check places that you wouldn't even think about checking. They don't know if she got hurt and is not saying nothing.
Dispatcher: Right. Okay, do you know if the child was asleep? If the child was in the living room?
Speaker 2: Well, ma'am, I'm just going to be honest with you because basically, they should have been up with these kids. 
Dispatcher: Uh huh.
Speaker 2: She said she was sleeping. Well, she woke up, then her baby was gone. The older one is trying- we trying to get information out the older one. She keeps saying that she opened the door. The baby- the baby cannot walk, she only can crawl but she's telling somebody else now that when she looked outside her little sister was by- there's a car right here in the next (unintelligible) complex- that she was right here but that somebody picked her up. So I have no idea. I mean-
Dispatcher: So, somebody saw the one-year-old in the next (unintelligible)?
Speaker 2: This is what the little- other little girl- the three or four- I don't know how old she is- but this is what she saying. But the girl boyfriend stayed with her, he keeps yelling saying 'where my baby' and it's making the baby nervous. So I don't know who should talk to her because it's like she- her nerves is probably (unintelligible). They out here screaming and it's not the baby's fault. I mean y'all are the parents.
Dispatcher: I understand that. I know, you don't like- yeah, okay. Mh hm.
Speaker 2: I mean, I'm just trying to make it make sense because it is not making sense to me.
Dispatcher: I got you. 
Speaker 2: I mean the police just arrived but uh- I don't know.
Dispatcher: Alright, well I appreciate you giving me far more information than the other person did, so I thank you for that, okay?
Speaker 2: You welcome.
Dispatcher: Alright, then thank you. Bye bye.
Speaker 2: Thank you.


