Dispatcher: Traffic, tell me what's happened there, please.
Caller: Uh- I’ve got a baby, an 8-month-old baby. He’s just had some fruit and we think the baby- the baby seems to be choking.
Dispatcher: Okay, is he actively choking? Is he breathing or coughing at all?
Caller: He’s cry- I mean, he’s breathing and crying, but it looks like he- he can’t swallow. 
Dispatcher: Okay, do not slap him on the back, okay?
Caller: Do not slap him on the back? Okay. 
Dispatcher: Is that him I can hear?
Caller: That’s the baby you can hear.
Dispatcher: He’s awake and he’s breathing? Okay. 
Caller: He’s awake, yeah, and he- he’s coming out in a red rash. It- it’s like he’s trying to swallow, but he can’t. 
Dispatcher: Is he completely alert?
Caller: He’s completely alert.
Dispatcher: Is he breathing normally?
Caller: He’s breathing, but he’s sort of breathing and then he’s like- gulping as if something’s stuck. 
Dispatcher: So, okay, not breathing completely normally, and it was fruit?
Caller: Fruit? Yeah, it was stone-fruit. 
Dispatcher: Okay. [caller's name], I’ve organized help for him now. Stay on the line and I’ll tell you what to do next. So look at him very closely and tell-
Caller: I’m looking at him closely.
Dispatcher: -tell me exactly what you see and hear him doing.
Caller: Okay, his eyes are quite watery, his- his face is getting red, and, like- he’s breathing and then stops, like breathing, stops, breathing. Uh- he’s crying- trying to cry and then it’s like something’s stuck.
Dispatcher: Okay, so he can breathe right now?
Caller: Yeah, he can, yeah. 
Dispatcher: Watch him- watch him very closely. Don’t slap him on the back. If he starts wheezing, making funny noises, or becomes unconscious I want you to tell me immediately. He’s not going blue or- or purple?
Caller: No, no. 
Dispatcher: Okay. 
Caller: On his cheeks it looks like he could be coming out in a rash on his cheeks and around his eyes are getting redder. 
Dispatcher: Has he ever had an allergic reaction before?
Caller: No, no allergic reaction before. 
Dispatcher: So just keep a very close eye on him for me, okay?
Caller: Yeah, we’re just watching him, yeah?
Dispatcher: Okay, I’ve got the ambulance coming fast for you. 
Caller: Yeah, how long do you think until the ambulance comes?
Dispatcher: Uh- I’m just having a look to see how far away they are. They’re coming lights and sirens, it will just depend how far away they are. 
Caller: Yeah.
Dispatcher: What’s he doing? Is he still breathing? 
Caller: He’s not swallowing, yeah. He’s breathing, but he’s not swallowing. Like something’s stuck in his, like- neck. 
Dispatcher: Yeah. Has he ever had this fruit before?
Caller: I’ll check with his mum. Has he ever had this fruit before, yes or no?
Dispatcher: And what was it again?
Caller: A nectarine. 
Dispatcher: Is the rash spreading?
Caller: The rash is coming out more. It’s coming out more onto his forehead, but yeah, it’s- it’s coming out- it’s- it's coming out more. His eyes are quite (unintelligible). It’s alright. 
Dispatcher: Is he alright?
Caller: He’s alright, sorry. 
Dispatcher: Still breathing? No, that’s okay. 
Caller: Yeah. 
Dispatcher: It does seem as if he may have actually had a reaction to the nectarine.
Caller: Yeah, we thought he was choking and-
Dispatcher: And it can- it can look like that as well. Uh- especially if it-
Caller: A reaction?
Dispatcher: Yeah, especially if it sort of swells slightly then he is gonna struggle to swallow it. 
Caller: If it is a reaction, his airway could be swelling. 
Dispatcher: Yeah, his airway could be- become compromised. 
Caller: Oh, you really don’t know what’s gonna happen, mate. 
Dispatcher: You really don’t, not when it comes to children. 
Caller: No. Alright, the ambulance is just getting here. 
Dispatcher: Okay, I’ll leave you in their care, [caller's name]. 
Caller: Okay. 
Dispatcher: You take care. 
Caller: Alright. 



