Dispatcher: (unintelligible) and fire. What is the emergency?
Caller: Yeah, my daughter's not breathing.
Dispatcher: Okay, what's the address?
Caller: [address]
Dispatcher: Okay, what's the street?
Caller: [street name]
Dispatcher: Just gonna ask a few more questions so I can tell you what to do. But these questions are going to help me to help you. Are you with her right now?
Caller: Yeah, I'm holding her in my hands.
Dispatcher: How old is she?
Caller: She's two-months.
Dispatcher: She's two months? Is she awake?
Caller: No, she ain't awake. She-
Dispatcher: But is she- is she conscious? Can you wake her up?
Caller: I'm trying but (unintelligible)
Dispatcher: Don't shake her. Is she breathing?
Caller: I don't know, I don't- her heart tone. 
Dispatcher: I'll give this on to another dispatcher. Don't hang up, okay?
Caller: Alright.
Dispatcher: We've got help on the way for her, okay? And you said you don't think she's breathing?
Caller: No. But she ain't turning no colour, though. 
Dispatcher: Okay, you're right there with her? You listen carefully, you need to lay the baby flat on her back, on the floor and remove any pillows. Okay? 
Caller: Alright.
Dispatcher: Let me know when you've done that. Kneel next to her and look in her mouth for food or vomit.
Caller: I did- I
Dispatcher: Is there anything in her mouth?
Caller: No.
Dispatcher: Okay, you need to place your hand on the baby's forehead and your other hand under her neck and shoulders and slightly tilt her head back. 
Caller: Can you repeat that?
Dispatcher: Place your hand on her forehead and your other hand under her neck and shoulders and slightly tilt her head back. So she's looking straight up towards the ceiling. And put your ear next to her mouth.
Caller: And put what- and put what?
Dispatcher: Put your ear next to her mouth. Can you- can you feel or hear any breathing?
Caller: Yeah, I can hear breathing.
Dispatcher: You can hear her breathing? Is she breathing normally?
Caller: No. 
Dispatcher: Okay. I want you to look at her closely. Tell me every time she takes a breath, okay? When you see her take a breath, say 'now'. When you see her take a breath, say 'now'.
Caller: (unintelligible)
Dispatcher: Has she taken one?
Caller: I don't think so. It don't look like it.
Dispatcher: Okay, well then we're gonna have to start CPR on her. I'm gonna tell you how to give mouth-to-mouth, okay?
Caller: Alright.
Dispatcher: With the baby's head slightly tilted back, completely cover her mouth and nose with your mouth. And blow two puffs of air into her lungs, about one second each. Just enough to make the chest rise with each breath, okay?
Caller: Alright.
Dispatcher: Did you feel the air go in and out?
Caller: I tried it one time.
Dispatcher: You got to do it two- two puffs, two puffs of air into the lungs, about one second each. Just- just enough to make the chest rise. Did you- did you feel air going in and out?
Caller: Yeah, I feel air going in and out.
Dispatcher: Okay, now listen carefully. I'm gonna tell you how to do chest compressions.  Make sure the baby's flat on- on her back on the ground and place two fingers on the breasts, on- right between the nipples. 
Caller: Huh?
Dispatcher: Okay?
Caller: You do- you say what?
Dispatcher: Place two fingers on the breastbone, right in the centre of the chest between the nipples. Okay? Now you need to push down an inch and a half with only your fingers touching the chest. 
Caller: mhm.
Dispatcher: Pump the chest hard and fast. 30 times, at least twice per second. But you have to let the chest come all the way up between pumps. Okay? 
Caller: Alright.
Dispatcher: 30 times. Tell me when you're done. 
Caller: Alright. 
Dispatcher: I need you to go just 1,2,3,4,1,2,3,4. Tell me when you've done 30. Count out loud.
Caller: 4,1,2,3,4
Dispatcher: Tell me when you count to 30. When you've done 30, let me know. 
Caller: 1,2,3,4
Dispatcher: Have your wife or whoever's in there unlock the door. Because they're coming.
Caller: [to wife] unlock the door, dude.
Dispatcher: Tell me when you've done 30- 30 pumps.
Caller: 2,3,4,
Dispatcher: You need to do it 30 times.
Caller: 2,3,4,
Dispatcher: keep going, tell me when you've done 30. Have you done 30?
Caller: No, not yet, I'm close. 1,2,3, 1,2,3. Like that? 1,2,3.
Dispatcher: But you've got to count 30 of them. 1,2,3,4,5,6,7, like that. 
Caller: Okay.
Dispatcher: Have you done 30?
Caller: Yes. 
Dispatcher: Okay. And- um, now, with your hand under her neck and shoulders you need to tilt her head back and push the mouth over her nose again and give her two more puffs. Okay? Two more puffs of breath. And then pump the chest 30 more times, alright?
Caller: You say- you say what?
Dispatcher: After you've done the 30 pumps, or- do-, you give her two more puffs of breath, okay? Blow two more puffs of breath into her mouth and nose. With your hand under her neck and shoulders and tilt her head back and put your mouth over her nose and mouth and give her two more puffs. And then pump her chest 30 more times. Let me know when you've done that. Make sure your fingers are on the breastbone, right between the nipples. 
Caller: (mumbled counting)
Dispatcher: Did you give her the two puffs?
Caller: Yeah.
Dispatcher: Now, are you doing the 30- the 30 pumps on the chest? 
Caller: Yes.
Dispatcher: Okay. Let me know when you're done with that, okay?
Caller: Alright.
Dispatcher: Count out loud to make sure you're doing it quick enough.
Caller: [to wife] Dude, she is not dead, stop saying that shit, dude.
Dispatcher: Let me know- Sir?
Caller's wife: What did you do?
Caller: (unintelligible)
Caller's wife: She is not breathing.
Dispatcher: Okay, sir? Hello? 
Caller: (unintelligible argument with wife)
Dispatcher: Sir? Hello? 
Caller's wife: What did you do to my baby? 
Dispatcher: Hello? Hello?
Caller: (argument with wife continues)
Dispatcher: Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello?
Caller: [to wife] (unintelligible) but she's not dead, man. She's not dead.
Dispatcher: Hello? Hello?
Caller's wife: [Caller's name], I'm about to beat your ass. 
Dispatcher: Hello? Hello?
