Dispatcher: 911, where’s your emergency?
Caller: Uh- I don’t really- a guy stopped me. I think his wife is- wrong with his wife.
Dispatcher: He’s doing what?
Caller: Something’s wrong with his wife. He doesn’t speak very good English. He’s stopped on the side of the road.
Dispatcher: Medically wrong?
Caller: Yeah. 
Dispatcher: Where you at?
Caller: Uh- on [address], off to the side of the road.
Dispatcher: You’re on [address]?
Caller: Yes. 
Dispatcher: What kind of car are you in?
Caller: Uh- it’s a uh- it’s a red Jeep.
Dispatcher: Red Jeep?
Caller: It’s- she just had a bab- she just had a baby. 
Dispatcher: She just had a baby?
Caller: Yeah.   
Dispatcher: Just now in the car?
Caller: Yeah, in the car. 
Dispatcher: Is the baby completely out?
Caller: Yeah, and there's blood and everything.
Dispatcher: Okay. Okay. Is the child breathing?
Caller: The baby’s not crying. I can’t- the baby’s not crying. It’s not breathing right now. 
Dispatcher: It’s not breathing?
Caller: Not that I can tell, no.
Dispatcher: Okay, you need to try to stimulate the baby's breathing. Rub his back with your fingertips. 
Caller: (to father) Rub his back, rub his back with the fingertips. 
Dispatcher: Is the umbilical cord still attached?
Caller: Uh- yeah. 
Dispatcher: It is? Try to keep the baby’s head supported if you can. 
Caller: (to parents) Just like this, just like this. 
Dispatcher: Hold the baby so the head is supported, too, okay? 
Caller: Hold the baby- hold the baby’s head back. Hold him this way.
Dispatcher: You keep the head supported. We want to keep the head- neck and head supported.
Caller: (to parents) Try to support it. Keep it supported. No, hold him this way. Hold him out here. There ya go. Now you need to rub his back with your fingertips. 
Dispatcher: You got any blankets or anything to try to wrap it up?
Caller: Yeah, there- he’s in a blanket. 
Dispatcher: Okay, okay. Is the- the cord’s not around-
Caller: No. 
Dispatcher: Is the baby full term?
Caller: Yes. 
Dispatcher: It is full term?
Caller: Yes. 
Dispatcher: Okay. Did the- did the baby start breathing with the back rubs?
Caller: No, it’s still not breathing. 
Dispatcher: It’s still not breathing? How’s its color?
Caller: Uh- pale. Very pale. 
Dispatcher: Is the cord- the cord’s not wrapped around its neck or anything, is it? 
Caller: No. 
Dispatcher: Okay, we can try to do some CPR on him if he’s not breathing. 
Caller: You want me to do CPR?
Dispatcher: Is any- is the baby not breathing at all?
Caller: Yeah, not breathing at all.
Dispatcher: Not breathing at all? 
Caller: No.
Dispatcher: Okay. Okay, is it lay- is he laying on his back? 
Caller: Yeah. 
Dispatcher: Okay, we need to make sure that his mouth is open and nothing’s blocking his airway. Is there anything in his hand, or in his mouth, I mean?  
Caller: No.
Dispatcher: Okay, we’re going to put one hand on his forehead.
Caller: (to parents) Is there anything in his mouth?
Dispatcher: Anything blocking his airway. We need to make sure his mouth and airway aren’t blocked. Can you check-
Caller: I don’t see anything in his mouth.
Dispatcher: Okay. Put one hand on his forehead-
Caller: Okay.
Dispatcher: - and the fingers of your other hand just under the bony part of his chin. 
Caller: Okay.
Dispatcher: You’re going to tilt his head back just a little, but not too much, okay?
Caller: Okay. 
Dispatcher: Okay. Is- did the baby make any movement or anything? Can you feel if the baby is breathing? 
Caller: No, the baby's not breathing. 
Dispatcher: Okay. You’re gonna need to open his mouth and you've already checked if anything's inside, correct? 
Caller: Yep. 
Dispatcher: Okay, we're going- are you willing to do res- rescue breaths?
Caller: Yeah, I can do it.
Dispatcher: Okay, you're gonna cover the baby's mouth and nose with your mouth.
Caller: Okay.
Dispatcher: And you’re just gonna blow two little puffs of air into his mouth, okay? It's too slow breaths.
Caller: Too slow breaths?
Dispatcher: Yeah, two slow breaths. You should be able to see his chest rise.
Caller: Alright, I did two slow. 
Dispatcher: Okay, did you see his chest move? 
Caller: Yeah. 
Dispatcher: Okay. Is he moving or doing anything now? 
Caller: No, nothing. 
Dispatcher: Nothing?
Caller: No.
Dispatcher: Okay, we’re gonna do some chest compressions, okay?
Caller:  Oh. Yes.
Dispatcher: Is he moving?
Caller: Yeah.
Dispatcher: The baby’s moving?
Caller: Yep.
Dispatcher: Is it crying? The-
Caller:  Yeah. 
Dispatcher: The baby is crying now?
Caller: It’s- it’s, like, whimpering.
Dispatcher: It’s whimpering. So it-
Caller: Yeah. 
Dispatcher: Can you see if it's breathing? Can you check to see if he's breathing? 
Caller: Yeah, let me see.
Dispatcher: Put your ear down by the mouth just to see if you can hear anything. 
Caller: Okay, hold on one sec. Yeah, he’s breathing.
Dispatcher: She’s breathing? 
Caller: Yep.
Dispatcher: You got her wrapped up?
Caller: Yep. 
Dispatcher: Okay, and the umbilical cord is still attached, correct?
Caller: Yes. 
Dispatcher: Okay, because you don’t want to cut- . And the baby's still breathing right now, crying? What’s the baby doing?
Caller: Yep, still breathing. Just breathing, whimpering. 
Dispatcher: Just still breathing and whimpering? Okay, and you- you got got towels or blankets around there to try to keep the baby warm too?
Caller:  Yeah. yeah, we’ve got a blanket around her.
Dispatcher: How’s mom- how’s mom doing?
Caller: Are you okay?
Dispatcher: Is mom doing okay?
Caller: Yes, she's okay. 
Dispatcher: She’s doing-
Caller: Yeah, she’s okay.
Dispatcher: Okay.
Caller: She's just worried about the baby.
Dispatcher: Yeah, no, just keep an eye on that breathing on the baby.
Caller: Okay.
Dispatcher: Is the umbilical cord pulsating at all, can you tell? 
Caller: Uh- no, I can’t tell.
Dispatcher: You can’t tell, okay.
Caller: I can hear the ambulance coming though.
Dispatcher: Yeah, my partner’s got everyone going as soon as we started talking. Is the baby still breathing okay or crying?
Caller: Yep, still breathing.
Dispatcher: The baby’s still breathing? Okay, cool. Very good.  
Caller: Oh shit, man.
Dispatcher: You did- you did a good job. Mom’s still doing okay?
Caller: Yeah, mom is still okay. 
Dispatcher: Okay. 
Caller: Yeah, I just- I just got the baby to start breathing. 
Dispatcher: You got deps- who's out with ya? Who’s out with ya?
Caller: Uh- a couple officers and a-
Dispatcher: Dep- Deputy’s out there with ya?
Caller: Yeah. 
Dispatcher: Okay, very good. They’ll take care of them.
Caller: Alrighty.
Dispatcher: Alright. Thank you very much, good job.
Caller: Alright, thank you.
Dispatcher: No problem. 
Caller: Bye.
Dispatcher: Bye.

