Dispatcher: 911, what’s the address of your emergency? 
Caller: [address].
Dispatcher: And your name? 
Caller: [caller's name].
Dispatcher: Okay, [caller's name], tell me exactly what happened.
Caller: Uh- There was a man in my home and he took my five year old daughter and I happened to wake up and he had my daughter outside and my husband run out there and got him from her, but he took my five year old daughter. 
Dispatcher: Alright, but do you have your daughter back now? 
Caller: Yeah he went and grabbed her, but he’s out there somewhere. And my- my husband went and grabbed her but he came in my home, my daughter sleeps in the basement and took my daughter out of the basement. 
Dispatcher: Okay, alright, was the man white, black or hispanic? 
Caller: [Husband's name], what color was he? He’s white and he’s down the road. And-
Dispatcher: Alright, how old did he look to be? 
Caller: I don’t know, I didn’t see him, my husband did, [husband's name] I need you to go, I need you to go find him. 
Dispatcher: No, no tell your husband to stay there, we’re going to get the officers out, I need to know what he looks like so the officers can find him. Can you ask your husband for me, how- how old he looked to be?
Caller: My husb- How old [husband's name]? 40-50.
Dispatcher: Okay.
Caller: Bald.
Dispatcher: He was bald?
Caller: Yeah, a little bit-
Dispatcher:  Alright. And what color shirt was he wearing? 
Caller: What color clothes, [husband's name]? Short and- shorts and a t-shirt.
Dispatcher: Alright, and uh- what- where do you- where is he at now, down the street, in which direction? 
Caller: Yeah, he went- uh- we live in a cul-de-sac and he went south in our cul-de-sac.
Dispatcher: Alright, I’ll get that information out to the officers.
Caller: Oh, please hurry!
Dispatcher: Okay, and how long ago did this happen? 
Caller: This just happened- I- I- I ran outside, my husband was still carrying her into the house and I grabbed my phone, so-
Dispatcher: Were weapons involved of mentioned? 
Caller: No, but he was saying something that he’s messed up and someone’s gonna hurt him or something, but he took my daughter from my house. 
Dispatcher: Yeah, okay, I understand, that’s- that's- and we’re gonna get police out there as soon as possible. So do you- How did he leave?
Caller: He- [daughter's name], did he take you from your bedroom? How did- Did the man come in and take you? I- he was walking, he didn’t have a car that I could see. 
Dispatcher: Okay. Do you know where he’s going? 
Caller: She said something about he was going to get shot so he took my daughter, I don’t know, but- 
Dispatcher: Alright, do you know- can you ask your husband what color shirt the man was wearing? I know you said t-shirt and shorts but-
Caller: Uh- I know and my husband’s gone outside. 
Dispatcher: Okay.
Caller: I don’t know how he got in here, we must have fallen asleep with the doors unlocked, but-
Dispatcher: Okay, alright.
Caller: -for him to come in here and have gotten to my children, they’re in the basement. He entered my home.
Dispatcher: Are you or anyone else in immediate danger? 
Caller: No, but I just- I don’t know where this person is and he had my daughter. 
Dispatcher: Okay. We’re getting police officers out there right now, okay? Does anyone need medical attention? 
Caller: No, i don’t think so, she was like- she's still dressed and everything. Oh my god! 
Dispatcher: Alright, alright, do not disturb anything at the scene. Uh- I- I guess you’re not in contact with your husband, so did he go to try to find the person? 
Caller: I think he did, he went out in my car, he went [unintelligible] but he went to go looking for him so he can-
Dispatcher: We’re gonna have an officer dispatched as soon as possible, I need you to call us back immediately or I’m gonna stay on the line with, okay? I’m not gonna let you go, so just- just give me one second while I enter some information for the officers. And your daughter was in the basement, right? And he took [crosswalk].
Caller: Yes. We heard the front door open, and I heard- I heard her talking and she’s just- she's just the sweetest little thing and I heard her voice and we ran out and my husband couldn't really see because he has contacts, you know what I mean, like-
Dispatcher: Right, right
Caller: We just bolted ‘cause I heard the screen door and- and so we just- we both ran. Are you okay honey? 
Dispatcher: Alright, can you tell me uh- can you tell me what color, make and model your vehicle is? 
Caller: Yeah, it’s a Ford Escape, brown-
Dispatcher: What color is it? Brown? 
Caller: Yeah, it’s like a light brown, it’s tan. 
Dispatcher: And uh- what- is he white, black or hispanic? 
Caller: Uh- I didn’t see him at all and my husband said he’s white. 
Dispatcher: No, no, no not- your husband, cause I don’t want the officer to stop your husband.
Caller: Oh! My husband? 
Dispatcher: Yeah.
Caller: Oh, you know what, my husband is also uh- he's bald with a beard, a short shaved beard. He has on uh- Chicago Bears pajamas pants and a- a zip up hoodie. 
Dispatcher: Alright, this wasn’t someone you guys knew at all, right? 
Caller: No, no!
Dispatcher: Okay. Okay. Alright, well you just let me know if you see your husband or if you see the man alright? And we have officers going and getting there as fast as they  can. 
Caller: Okay. It looks like I see my car coming back down the road. 
Dispatcher: Okay. 
Caller: Yep, my husband is turning into my driveway now. I see police officer cars. Okay, thank you, they’re here. 
Dispatcher: The- the officers are there? I’ll let you go. 
Caller: Yeah
Dispatcher: Okay, bye.
Caller: Okay, bye.
