Dispatcher: (unintelligible) nine-one-one, what's your emergency? 
Caller: Got a baby that's unresponsive.
Dispatcher: What's your address? 
Caller: [address] 
Dispatcher: Breathing?
Caller: Not breathing. 
Dispatcher: Not breathing? 
Caller: No. 
Dispatcher: You know how to do CPR?
Caller: No, I don't. He's nine weeks old.
Dispatcher: Nine weeks?
Caller: Yes, I'm watching him.
Dispatcher: Okay.
Caller: [to someone else] get my cell phone, on the charger? Dad, go to your room for a little bit.
Dispatcher:  Alright, I'll walk you through CTR, okay?
Caller: Please hurry. Please hurry.
Dispatcher: They're on their way.
Caller: What do I do? 
Dispatcher: Okay, listen to me, okay?
Caller: Yes, he's in the bed. Do I move him?
Dispatcher: Yeah, go ahead. Hang on, just a second, okay?
Caller: I don't want to move him.
Dispatcher: Is there- Can you sweep his- sweep his mouth and see if there's anything inside of his, uh, mouth, like-
Caller: No, there's nothing in there. And it's stiff, please come.
Dispatcher: We're on our way, okay?
Caller: Oh my God. He's not breathing at all, he's cold.
Dispatcher: Okay. Take your first and middle finger-
Caller: Yes.
Dispatcher: -on the centre the chest, right between his nipples-
Caller: Yes.
Dispatcher: -and push down slightly.
Caller: Yes, I did. No response. 
Dispatcher: Okay. 
Caller: Please hurry.
Dispatcher: Can you (unintelligible) his chin and-
Caller: Yes.
Dispatcher: -and make sure his neck's level. And then- 
Caller: Yes.
Dispatcher: -give me one small breath of air.
Caller: I did.
Dispatcher: Okay, then put your- your first and middle fingers on the centre of the chest, right between his nipples and push down slightly, about a half inch to an inch, about five times rapidly, okay?
Caller: Nothing is happening.
Dispatcher: Keep doing it, okay?
Caller: I am.
Dispatcher: Keep doing it. 
Caller: I am.
Dispatcher: Okay, one small breath and then five quick compressions like you were doing, okay?
Caller: Nothing.
Dispatcher: Okay, how long has he been down, you think? 
Caller: I tried to get him up from his nap. He just lay here in the porta crib and he's not breathing. 
Dispatcher: Okay. Just- 
Caller: (unintelligible)
Dispatcher: -the instructions I'm giving you.
Caller: Yes.
Dispatcher: Keep doing them, okay? Keep giving him one small breath and then five quick compressions, okay?
Caller: Okay.
Dispatcher: Alright. 
Caller: There's nothing, sir. There's nothing.
Dispatcher: Keep- keep doing it, you have to keep doing it, okay? 
Caller: I am. Nothing, sir.
Dispatcher: Okay, keep doing it. Does his chest rise at all when you blew the-
Caller: Nothing. I have eight kids in my house. Sir, nothing. 
Dispatcher:  Okay. Did you move him down to the floor?
Caller: No, I've got him in the playpen- I've still got him in his bed. 
Dispatcher: You don't want to move him? 
Caller: No.
Dispatcher: Okay, well it- it works better if you lay him flat on his back. 
Caller: He is flat on his back, that's how he was sleeping. 
Dispatcher: On the floor? On like a hard floor.
Caller: This is a flat surface, sir, it's not like a soft mattress. 
Dispatcher: Okay.
Caller: Oh god, sir, I think he's dead.
Dispatcher: Keep trying to do that, okay? 
Caller: When will they be here?
Dispatcher: They're on their way right now.
Caller: Oh god. It's a friend's baby from my church, he had shots yesterday.
Dispatcher: Yeah?
Caller: Yeah, he had a reaction- he had reactions to them yesterday.
Dispatcher: Do you know what kind of shots?
Caller: I think just the two-month old shots at [doctor's name]'s office. 
Dispatcher: Keep doing the breaths and the middle fingers, okay?
Caller: I am.
Dispatcher: Okay. Okay. 
Caller: There's nothing, sir. And he's cold, cold. Oh my god. Oh my god. I hear them coming. 
Dispatcher: Okay.
Caller: I hear them coming.
Dispatcher: There's a police officer at your door, it should be. 
Caller: Alright, thank you. Bye.










