Dispatcher: Emergency 911?
Caller: There was a guy with a gun in the [store name] and-
Dispatcher: Which [store name]?
Caller: The [place] one.
Dispatcher: How do you know that he has a gun?
Caller: Because I can see it and I just heard it go off and now he’s walking towards my car.
Dispatcher: Is it a shotgun or a shorthanded gun?
Caller: Uh- He’s- It's a- it's a- it's a pistol and now he’s walking back in.
Dispatcher: Walking back into the store?
Caller: Yeah, I- the- the girl was screaming, like, I heard shots, but I don’t know what-
Dispatcher: Stay on the line, you’re not going to hear me for a moment. 
Caller: [to Speaker 2] I kind of don’t want to sit here if he’s, ya know. Should we go, like, hide behind the building or something? Yeah, I know, but, like, if he tries to shoot us for seeing him.
Dispatcher: Do you know what kind of car he’s getting into or do you have a description of him?
Caller: He’s not getting into a car.
Dispatcher: Pardon me?
Caller: He’s a- he's a Black man. He is wearing a black baseball cap. He’s got white shirt with, like, a black vest on and now he’s running northeast, east, southeast-
Speaker 2: He’s moving south.
Caller: Now he’s moving-
Speaker 2: Southwest bound.
Dispatcher: Southwest bound?
Caller: Now the person is running back towards the- back towards the store-
Dispatcher: Okay, I’m hearing you and I’m hearing the guy next to you. What direction is he going?
Caller: I- I’m horrible with directions, okay?
Dispatcher: Is he running south?
Caller: Uh- he’s running towards the [different shop name]. 
Dispatcher: Is she okay?
Caller: I don’t know, (unintelligible)
Speaker 2: You okay?
Caller: Oh, my God, she is bleeding. She is, uh- here, okay, so north of the Campanile, southeast, southeast-ish, like, towards uh- like, towards [different store name] and towards- except the other, uh- God. 
Dispatcher: That’s okay, that’s okay.
Caller: Went towards southeast-ish, that direction-ish. 
Dispatcher: Okay, and you’re saying this is the [store name] at [address]. 
Caller: Uh- it’s the only [store name] on [street name], sure.
Dispatcher: Okay, ‘cause you were mentioning the- the Campanile and things like that. Where are you looking?
Caller: Oh, that was me just trying to get my directions, I’m sorry. 
Dispatcher: Okay, okay.
Caller: That’s the only way I know northwest and north.
Dispatcher: No that's okay. Now, did he threaten the girl inside or was he just kind of waving the gun?
Caller: He just walked in and he started screaming and- and she- and he- I heard shots and, I don’t know. When I went back to look he just, like- I mean, he didn’t point the gun at me or anything like that, but I didn’t know what was going on, so I, like, you know, ran.
Dispatcher: Who was the female, the clerk?
Caller: Yes, she was working behind the pizza counter. [to Speaker 2] No, shit!
Speaker 2: [Caller's name], you need to come here right now.
Dispatcher: Do you know what-
Caller: What?
Dispatcher: Are you outside then and you’re safe in your car?
Caller: No, I’m back in the [store name]. We came to see if she was okay since he just kind of ran off. 
Dispatcher: Okay, did you- you went back inside though? 
Caller: Yeah, we went back into the store.
Dispatcher: Where is she at? 
Caller: She’s in the kitchen laying on the ground next to the- next to the kitchen-
Dispatcher: Is she okay or she was shot?
Caller: She was shot, there’s bleeding. 
Dispatcher: Okay. 
Caller: There’s, like, a shell sitting on the table. Hey guys.
Dispatcher: I have to put you on hold, just a second.
Caller: [to Speaker 3] Who are you calling?
Speaker 3: 911.
Caller:  I called 911. Dude, I don’t think you’re getting any job. 
Speaker 3: Did you call 911?
Caller: Yeah, I called 911. I’m on the phone with them. They put me on hold.
Speaker 3: 911 put you on hold?
Caller: Yes. 
Speaker 3: Uh- at the moment-
Caller: Lock the door, dammit. 
Speaker 3: Did the guy leave?
Speaker 2: Yeah. 
Speaker 3: Uh-.
Caller: There’s a dead person in the kitchen. 
Dispatcher: Are you still with me?
Caller: Yes.
Dispatcher: Okay, I’ve got medical coming. Can you- don’t touch- try not to touch anything.
Caller: Okay. 
Dispatcher: Can I get your first name?
Caller: [caller's name].
Dispatcher: [caller's name]? Okay, thanks. My name’s [dispatcher's name]. 
Dispatcher 2: Ames, this is Story County. 
Dispatcher: Yeah.
Dispatcher 2: We’re still on the line here. I got a couple guy’s names, you want them heading over that area?
Dispatcher: Yeah, please. Thank you.
Dispatcher 2: Okay. I’ll disconnect.
Dispatcher: I got- I let them know that (unintelligible) is already on scene. 
Dispatcher 2: Perfect, thank you.
Dispatcher: Okay. 
Dispatcher 2: Bye. 
Dispatcher: Okay, you’ve got an officer there. Can you talk to her? [caller's name]?
Caller: What? Yeah, he just pulled up.
Dispatcher: Okay, it- it’s a- can you talk with her and tell her what you saw?
Caller: Yeah. 
Dispatcher: Okay, thank you for calling in, okay?
Caller: Yup.
Dispatcher: Bye-bye. 
