Dispatcher: 911, where is your emergency? 
Caller: I need a- I need a- I need a officer or whoever you got. You gotta send in a ambulance to [address], immediately.
Dispatcher: Okay, what's going on there?
Caller: I just came home and my girlfriend and her mother- somebody hurt them. Oh, and I see blood everywhere and ran out and I opened the front yard, now. 
Dispatcher: Okay, listen. Calm down. 
Caller: Please send help right now.
Dispatcher: [to colleague] he just got to the house and somebody hurt his (unintelligible)
Caller: (unintelligible) blood everywhere. Please send somebody to help.
Dispatcher: Okay, listen to me. Listen to me. Calm down, okay? 
Caller: I can't.
Dispatcher: I know, just- I need you to calm down for a minute so I can get some information from you, okay? What's your name?
Caller: My name is [caller's name]. 
Dispatcher: And what did you see when you went in the house?
Caller: I seen blood. I walked in and I seen blood all over the wall. 
Dispatcher: You walked in and you seen blood all over the wall?
Caller: And then I went in to [unintelligible] my mother's room and I seen blood all over her walls and ran outside. There's blood everywhere.
Dispatcher: Okay, who's your girlfriend?
Caller: [girlfriend's name] is her name.
Dispatcher: What is it, [girlfriend's name]?
Caller: [girlfriend's name]. 
Dispatcher: How do you spell her last name?
Caller: [girlfriend's name].
Dispatcher: Okay, just stay on the phone with me, okay? Are you in the front yard?
Caller: She might have been fucking pregnant. 
Dispatcher: She was pregnant?
Caller: She might have been pregnant, I don't even know. 
Dispatcher: Okay, just stay on the phone with me, okay? I have officers coming to help you. What made you go there this late? Were you supposed to be going there, or?
Caller: I was supposed to come home to sleep with her.
Dispatcher: Okay.
Caller: I just dropped her off a couple of hours ago to take a shower. She told me 'come over in two hours'. I came back, I seen blood everywhere. 
Dispatcher: Okay. Stay on the- do you see any vehicles that aren't normally there?
Caller: No, I'm outside now. No, I don't.
Dispatcher: Okay, you don't see anything?
Caller: No.
Dispatcher: Okay, are you-
Caller: I wasn't even here. I don't know, I just- 
Dispatcher: No, no. I'm- I'm-. I know. I'm asking you if there's anything that looks suspicious outside right now.
Caller: No.
Dispatcher: Not anything other than the ordinary?
Caller: No. I don't see anything.
Dispatcher: Okay, do you have a vehicle there that you came in?
Caller: Yeah, it's in the driveway, behind the (unintelligible), white one.
Dispatcher: Okay, okay. I want you to go sit in your car, okay?
Caller: I am right now.
Dispatcher: Alright, just stay on the phone with me because we don't know if there's anybody in the house still, so.
Caller: I don't know what's going on. I'm out here shaking like a leaf. I don't know what the hell is going on.
Dispatcher: Okay, I got them coming out, okay? I'm gonna stay on this phone with you, though, until somebody gets there. 
Caller: Okay, thank you.
Dispatcher: Did you see anybody in the house or you just saw the blood on the walls?
Caller:  No, (unintelligible) just the blood, man. Like, I didn't know what to do, I ran. I don't even know if there is anybody in the house. I ran. The house is all dark. Everybody was sleeping inside, as far as I know. The house is dark.  
Dispatcher: Okay.
Caller: Like, I have no idea. I wasn't here. 
Dispatcher: Okay. Well I'm just trying to find out as much as I can from you. I know you don't really know that much.
Caller: I know, I hear you. 
Dispatcher: We're just trying to help you out the best we can, okay? But I have a lot of cops on the way over there, okay? So I just need you to stay on the phone with me. Just try and keep yourself calm. 
Caller: I don't even know what's- I don't even know if he got a knife. (unintelligible)
Dispatcher: Okay.
Caller: I don't know what to do. (unintelligible)
Dispatcher: Okay, listen to me, listen to me. Listen, listen. Do you live there or you were just going to stay there for the night? 
Caller: It's- it's my mother's house and I stay here with her basically every night. We were engaged, so I'd been sleeping- you know. I come over to her house to sleep over the majority of the time. Maybe like, I don't know, five, six times a week, really.
Dispatcher: Okay. Okay. I'm just asking because my officers are asking me questions, so. 
Caller: Tomorrow was her day off, we were supposed to go out and hang out, so I figured I was gonna sleep through the night and I come over and see this (unintelligible). 
Dispatcher: And how old's your girlfriend?
Caller: She's 21.
Dispatcher: She's 21?
Caller: Yeah.
Dispatcher: Okay, and what's date of birth, hon?
Caller: [birthday].
Dispatcher: Okay, and how do you spell your last name?
Caller: [name]. You're sure they're on the way, right? I don't see anybody yet.
Dispatcher: Yep. They're- they're on the way. I promise you, they're on the way. I also have an ambulance on the way, too. Until we know what's going on, okay?
Caller: Oh god. (unintelligible)
Dispatcher: [to colleague] he doesn't know because he just opened the door and saw blood all over the place, he didn't go in.
Caller: I just peaked, like- you know, like how you would just open the door to the bedroom?
Dispatcher: Yeah, yeah. 
Caller: I just seen like a brief second of it. And I seen blood-
Dispatcher: Was it when you went in the front door?
Caller: I went up the- her house is designed where you go in the front door and then the steps are right there. You walk up- in the steps and then you get up to the top of the steps, you make a left and you're in her room. It's a room, you can see the windows from the front.
Dispatcher: Okay.
Caller: I walked out, I'd seen blood so- I think, because I ran. I don't even know. I'm standing out in the middle of the road now. I don't even know if anybody's in the house. I don't know what the hell's going on. 
Dispatcher: Okay. I got them coming, okay? Just- you got to try and stay calm for me, okay? I know it's hard. But you got to try and stay calm, okay?
Caller: Oh my god. 
Dispatcher: Because when they get there, they're gonna need as much information that you can give them as possible. 
Caller: I'll do whatever I can. I mean, I just got here. I only know so much.
Dispatcher: Oh, I know. I know you will. [to colleague] what? What are you, [caller's name], so when officers pull up there they don't think you're- you're one of their guys. 
Caller: I have a gray sweat- I have a gray sweatshirt and uh- light gray sweatpants on, and uh-, black shoes.
Dispatcher: Okay. 
Caller: I'm standing right out- literally in the middle of the road. Like I'm- I can't even go in the yard. I'm afraid I'm gonna get hurt standing here. I don't know what is going on. I just seen a light come on upstairs. 
Dispatcher: Okay. A light just came on upstairs?
Caller: It's all the way to the front of this window, all the way to the right. I just seen it come on and now it just went off.
Dispatcher: Do you know if there were any problems at the residence? Was there any- anybody that- that you know of?
Caller: No, I was here earlier today. I came over this morning and picked her up and she hung out at my house with me for the majority of the day. I was just over here this morning.
Dispatcher: Okay.
Caller: There was nothing. No, everything was normal as usual. 
Dispatcher: Okay.
Caller: Alright, they're here now.
Dispatcher: Okay, just stay on the phone with me until you make contact with them, okay? 
Caller: Okay.
Dispatcher: I want you to talk to them before you hang up.
Caller: Okay. 
Dispatcher: Just flag them down, so they know it's you.
Caller: I did, I did. I am waving my arms now so they know.
Dispatcher: Okay. 
Caller: Okay. 
Dispatcher: Hey, [caller's name]?
Caller: Yes?
Dispatcher: Do you have a- do you have a middle name, or, are you a Junior?
Caller: It's- it's [middle name]. 
Dispatcher: Okay. 
Caller: [to the officer] she told me to stay on the phone until I make contact with you. Okay.
Dispatcher: Okay, you- you- you're out with them?
Caller: Yeah, they're here right now in front of me.
Dispatcher: Alright, okay. I'm gonna hang up. Alright. 
Caller: Okay.
Dispatcher: Bye bye. 
