Dispatcher: 911, what is the location of your emergency?
Caller: Yes, there's a- there's a man in my house right now. 
Dispatcher: What is- hold on- stop for a second. 
Caller: Why? There's a man in my house. 
Dispatcher: I need you to give me your address first.
Caller: [address]. 
Dispatcher: Is that a house or an apartment?
Caller: House at the end of the street. (To intruder) why are you in my house, bro? 
Intruder: Tell her, I need to talk to her. 
Caller: She's on fucking speaker phone. Why are you in my house, though?
Dispatcher: Sir, how many other people are in your house?
Caller: It's me, my wife and our daughter. 
Dispatcher: How old is your daughter?
Caller: She's two.
Dispatcher: Two? Okay.
Caller: [to wife] Babe, shut up, go upstairs.
Dispatcher: Do you have any idea who he is?
Caller: We didn't know- No. (to wife) Here, go that way, go that way. Stay right there and let them-
Intruder: Don't push me, man.
Caller: (to intruder) Let my wife upstairs.
Intruder: I- I'm- I- I do
Caller: Okay.
Intruder: I'm not gon- not gonna harm you guys. 
Caller: Alright.
Intruder: I promise. Shake my hand. I'm (unintelligible) Jones. You can go. I'm not gonna harm you. 
Dispatcher: Where is [intruder's name] at right now?
Caller: He's standing next to me in my hallway.
Dispatcher: Okay, are we still on speaker phone?
Caller: We still are, he's right here.
Dispatcher: Okay. [Intruder's name]? 
Intruder: Yes, ma'am.
Dispatcher: [Intruder's name]? Okay. Can [caller's name]- can [caller's name] and his wife and daughter step outside?
Intruder: No. (unintelligible) Ma'am?
Dispatcher: What?
Intruder: They're safe.
Dispatcher: They are safe?
Intruder: They're safe. They're going to stay right here with me.
Dispatcher: Okay. What are you doing in their house?
Intruder: I told you, there were shots fired.
Dispatcher: Where were shots fired at?
Intruder: [address].
Dispatcher: What's that?
Caller: They were coming into [street name].
Intruder: Step right here with me man.
Caller: No, I ain't going anywhere.
Intruder: Go in there with me man. 
Caller: Bro. 
Intruder: Go and lay down, please.
Dispatcher: [intruder's name]? [intruder's name]?
Intruder: Yes, ma'am.
Dispatcher: What are you- no. What are you trying to have them do?
Intruder: He is coming into the room with me, that's it.
Dispatcher: Why is he going in a room with you?
Caller: Why are you locking that door? Don't lock that door, bro.
Intruder: You're alright, man. I give you my word, man. You're straight.
Caller: I get what- I get what you're saying but you have two guns, bro.
Intruder: You're safe.
Dispatcher: You've got two guns?
Caller: (Unintelligible) is crazy, man. I'm not doing anything.
Dispatcher: [intruder's name].
Caller: This is my house, man.
Intruder: I'm sorry, man.
Dispatcher: [intruder's name], listen to me.
Caller: Why are you even here in the first place?
Dispatcher: [intruder's name], can you listen to me?
Intruder: Yes, ma'am.
Dispatcher: I need you to put those guns down. Because I've got- I've got officers that want to help you. I want- I have officers that want to help you and keep you safe. So I need you to put those guns down.
Intruder: Who are you, ma'am?
Dispatcher: I'm 911. I've got help for you. I need you to put those guns down so that they can get you the help that you need.
Intruder: I want- I want police here so that (unintelligible)
Dispatcher: The police are there, [intruder's name]. The police are there.
Intruder: No, they're not.
Dispatcher: They are there.
Intruder: No, they're not.
Dispatcher: I- They're there. I've got a lot of deputies there.
Intruder: Look, man, listen, I'm not harming you, I promise. My word. My life just got fucking threatened, man.
Caller: I hear you, bro.
Intruder: You understand me?
Caller: I hear you.
Intruder: It got threatened last night.
Caller: Okay, I get you.
Intruder: I'm not harming you, or your children, or your wife.
Dispatcher: I- I'm going to transfer this line, so do not hang up on me, okay?
Caller: I'm not. I'm not going to.
Dispatcher: Alright. Just a minute for me.
Police: Hey [intruder's name]? [intruder's name].
Intruder: Yes?
Police: Hey, this is [deputy's name] from the Sheriff's Department. How are you, man?
Intruder: Slide your badge and shit underneath the door. Don't come through that door.
Police: Okay. We're not going to come through the door, man. We just want to talk to you and find out what's going on.
Intruder: Don't come through that door. Slide your badge and shit underneath that door, man.
Police: Well, I'm not even up by the door, man. I'm outside the house. Way outside the house.
Intruder: No, you're not. Stop playing games with me, man.
Police:  What- what's- what's got you all worked up today, man?
Intruder: (hangs up.)
Dispatcher: (calls back). Hello? 
Intruder: Hello?
Dispatcher: Hello? Is this [caller's name]?
Intruder: No, [caller's name] is dead.




