Caller: Can you please help me? Someone’s trying to get in my house.
Caller: They tried my front door and my side door and now they’re trying to break in my back gate. 
Caller: Alright, I have a  gun in my hand. I’m terrified. 
Caller: Okay. 
Caller: I think they’re in the back now. 
Caller: Somebody’s in the back and on my porch. 
Caller: Please hurry, please!
Caller: Oh, no. 
Caller: No. Somebody is banging on my Arcadia door. 
Caller: No. 
Caller: There’s no vehicles out front in my driveway either. Now somebody is walking around on my back porch. 
Caller: Oh! They just broke in. 
Caller: Yeah. They broke my Arcadia door.
Caller: No, they’re coming in right now though.
Caller: I just saw one. 
Caller: I seen- green hoodie. They’re coming in right now. Please, please, please. 
Caller: They’re breaking out my window.
Caller: I’m in my bathroom. 
Caller: Yes. 
Caller: Yes. 
Caller: He’s right here. 
Caller: You see the way you just beat me half to death?
Caller: What’d you come in my house for?
Caller: I shot him. 
Caller: Yeah. 
Caller: Please hurry. Don’t get up or I’ll shoot your ass again!
Caller: In my house. He’s in my bathroom, half in my bathroom and half in the hallway. 
Caller: What?
Caller: He’s laying half in my bathroom and half in the hallway. Where in the house- in the body?
Caller: I don’t know. 
Caller: No, I don’t recognize him.
Caller: I’m in the front bathroom.
Caller: I said don’t move.
Caller: He said he thought the house was abandoned. An abandoned house with a car and locked doors and, yeah. He said he’s sorry. You knocked, you banged, you tried to get in doors. I heard you out there.
Caller: Because why should I unlock the door? And you’re rattling and beating on everything and trying to climb my fence. I’m not even gonna talk to you.
Caller: Please get somebody here. 
Caller: I don’t know. My face is bleeding, I’m bleeding from someplace, I don’t even know where. I don’t know. He was beating on me.
Caller: He was beating on me when he found out I was in here. That’s why I dropped the phone and I almost dropped the gun, but I ended up shooting.
Caller: Yeah.
Caller: I’m not gonna walk over the top of this guy.
Caller: I will.
Caller: Okay. 
Caller: Come right back. I put the gun down.  
