Caller: Uh- [address]. 
Caller: Uh- this guy that we know, is like literally wiped out on drugs or something for the last two days and we just woke up to get our kids ready for school and everything. And he is like sitting in our house.
Caller: Well he's outside. We tried to make him leave and he wouldn't leave.
Caller: Yes. I mean kind of. We just know of him
Caller: He's erratic and-
Caller: He's what?
Caller: I think so, yes.
Caller: Yes.
Caller: Uh- what do- (to boyfriend) what's his last name? [intruder's name]. We need an ambulance because my boyfriend- he got his gun out and he wouldn't leave and he charged him and he- uh- I think he shot him, I don't know.
Caller: He- he- okay my boyfriend just came in and said- my boyfriend just came in-
Caller: Yes.
Caller: He's in the driveway.
Caller: Yes. Yes, I can see him laying there. Please hurry.
Caller: (to boyfriend) Did you hear that? Oh god. Oh god. (unintelligible). Oh god.
Caller: Yes.
Caller: Okay.
Caller: [caller's name].
Caller: Yes. I mean he- my partner- my-
Caller: Uh- [intruder's name].
Caller: (to boyfriend) They got people on the way.
Caller: Yes, he's uh- he's uh- it's sitting on the couch. It's all undone.
Caller: No, he took it apart.
Caller: Yes, he was sitting at our table.
Caller: I don't- I- uh- probably through the back door was unlocked.
Caller: All the other doors are always looked but not the back one. We have a little house in our backyard and our kids go out there to hang out and watch TV and stuff. And-
Caller: Yes. And he wouldn't. And he was watching us through our kitchen window. We were like 'leave! You just need to leave!'. Yesterday, he was apparently wandering around barefoot around town somewhere and my boyfriend saw him and picked him up. He couldn't find his car, he didn't know anything about where he was at or anything and so he took him home and then we just wake up this morning and he's sitting at our table. And he was like laughing and making these weird noises and he's just completely out of it.
Caller: I see it. I see them.
Caller: They went by, they went-
Caller: It's hard to find. They're at the wrong one.
Caller: (to police) over here.
Caller: Yes.
Caller: My god. I've got- I don't know what to do. I need to get the kids out for school. Are- (to police) he was sitting at our table.
Caller: Hello, I'm sorry what? Our kids-
Caller: Okay.
Caller: Bye.
