Caller: I need a policeman and an ambulance at my house, right now.
Caller: No, listen to me. This lady is trying to get away. She stabbed my husband in the head.
Caller: [address]. Hurry, please.
Caller: She tried to- she tried to get away. Please, send- just send somebody. 
Caller: My husband has (unintelligible) her and now she's busted the door out and stabbed him. Please hurry up.
Caller: Yeah.
Caller: Please, just send somebody. Okay, he told her (unintelligible) is asleep but he's bleeding very bad. 
Caller: (unintelligible). 
Caller: Just hurry up.
Caller: Yes. And he's trying to hold her down but she said she's not going to jail so she's stabbing him and she's bit- she's biting him. 
Caller: Hello.
Caller: Hurry up.
Caller: My husband is bleeding to death. Now, would you just send somebody.
Caller: It is- her name is [intruder's first name], okay? 
Caller: He's got her, he's trying to hold her down. And she-
Caller: -she punched him up.
Caller: I don't know. It's a knife, sticking out of his head.
Caller: Yes, I just saw it sticking out of his head. 
Caller: My name is [caller's first name] and I'm sorry but I am really freaked out right now.
Caller: She used to work for him.
Caller: Yes, and she stole a lot of equipment, so he pressed charges on her. And now all of a sudden she's in our house in the middle of the night stabbing him.
Caller: Yes. He's just trying to get away but he's bleeding. 
Caller: I don't know.
Caller: Yes, I have four.
Caller: Yes.
Caller: Why are they not here? I don't know what her last name is.
Caller: (to husband) baby, I told you that. Why are they not here yet?
Caller: (unintelligible) killing her before they get here if they don't hurry up.
Caller: Yes, he's trying but he's losing-
Caller: I don't know how old she is. Please stop asking me questions.
Caller: Yes? Forty-one.
Caller: What?
Caller: Yes, they're upstairs asleep. Please tell everyone to hurry up. 
Caller: Why are they not here yet? Why are they not here?
Caller: I'm coming, [husband's name]. I'm going to end up killing her if she doesn't be still, okay? I'm going to hit her with this baseball bat if she doesn't be still. 
Caller: Look, I'm going to keep her there one way or another. She's not getting away this time. This is the problem. They couldn't find her.
Caller: Okay. The police are supposed to be arresting her for the last month. (to husband) what? I know. [intruder's name], be still. I'm not going to kill you, lady, you're going to prison is what's going to happen. 
Caller: There is supposed to be a warrant out for her arrest but the police aren't doing their job. [intruder's name], I'm not going to kill you, okay? No. Ma'am you need to get that- uh- ambulance here quick, okay? He's bleeding everywhere.
Caller: No, in the head.
Caller: (to husband) I've already told her that three times, [husband's name].
Caller: I've said all I can see right now.
Caller: (to intruder) Just be still.
Caller: We're in the bedroom.
Caller: I was just standing in the doorway. I don't remember if I left it open or not.
Caller: [intruder's name], shut up. Ma'am, can I please get off the phone now because I'm going to have to wind up hitting her.
Caller: Yes, I do. And if I have to, I will use it.
Caller: My husband is bleeding all over the place.
Caller: Okay, he's doing all he can to hold her down and if she moves, I'm going to hit her.
Caller: Okay. But I have-
Caller: Well what do you want me to do?
Caller: To the left.
Caller: Yes.
Caller: She's running through the door. (to intruder) come here, come here, come here, come here. Hurry, hurry, hurry. 
Caller: (unintelligible). Hurry, please, hurry. 
Caller: (unintelligible) you okay?
Caller: Yes, they're here.
Caller: Okay, but now we need an ambulance.
Caller: Okay, bye.
