Caller: Oh, there has been a murder-suicide. There is no survivors. Please send help.
Caller: Uh- my ex-boyfriend broke into my house and killed my current boyfriend and then killed himself.
Caller: Uh- no, he killed my current boyfriend and then he held me hostage and then he just shot himself in the head. 
Caller: Yeah.
Caller: Oh my god. And uh- he kinda beat me up. So just- and my parents aren't home, it's just me and I'm seventeen. 
Caller: [ex-boyfriend's name] and [current boyfriend's name] are the victims.
Caller: [current boyfriend's last name].
Caller: Uh- he doesn't have a lot- 
Caller: What?
Caller: The gun is- the axe is in [current boyfriend's name]'s head and the gun is in [ex-boyfriend's name]'s hand.
Caller: Uh- I'm sitting in our breakfast nook, uh- [ex-boyfriend's name] is in the living room. There's the kitchen between us. He's- he's dead, he's gone. 
Caller: Yeah. (unintelligible)
Caller: Yeah.
Caller: [caller's name]. I can't walk so I have to-
Caller: No, he untied me.
Caller: Oh my god.
Caller: Yes?
Caller: I put too much pressure on my leg.
Caller: What?
Caller: Oh god. Since like eight o'clock, seven thirty.
Caller: Yeah.
Caller: Yeah, my mom- he watched my mom leave.
Caller: And he just came in when [current boyfriend's name] and I were sleeping.
Caller: Yeah. The- it's- sorry, my leg really hurts.
Caller: Uh- I-
Caller: An ambulance? No. A medic? Yes.
Caller: I don't need to go to the hospital.
Caller: I just want to get these bodies out of my house.
Caller: Okay, thank you. Are you going to stay on the line with me?
Caller: Correct. I can call my dad. He- he works at [company], so he can be home in about ten minutes. Uh- my mom doesn't have a cellphone so I don't know how to get a hold of her. Because she- she doesn't have a job. She got picked up by a friend this morning. Uh-
Caller: No.
Caller: Uh- by the [location], I don't know his address. 
Caller: He lives on [street name].
Caller: Yeah.
Caller: His car is here in his mom's name. He wants me to call his mom but-
Caller: Yeah, my cellphone's inside. I grabbed the house phone because-
Caller: -he had my cellphone when he shot himself. And I didn't even want to look.
Caller: Uh- the cop is passing me right now. 
Caller: Yeah. Thank you so much.
Caller: Okay. (to police) I- I can't walk, he beat me up, I can't walk. 
Caller: [ex-boyfriend's middle name].
Caller: It's tomorrow. He would be turning twenty.
Caller: (to police) There's no one else in the house, they're all dead. Yeah, the officer is coming up to me right now. Uh-
Caller: Okay, thank you. 
Caller: Yes, thank you.
Caller: Bye bye.
