Caller: Yes, ma’am. I’m at [address].
Caller: [address].
Caller: Uh- our 3-year-old is nowhere to be found. We have looked everywhere in our house and out in our yard, and our little girl, her little girl, is- she’s missing. 
Caller: She is 3 years old. 
Caller: Yes, ma’am.
Caller: It would have been last night. Everyone, everyone went to bed at the same time. 
Caller: Uh- may- maybe 8 o’clock, 8:30. 
Caller: Bedrooms, closets, under, in- every- everywhere. We went through the house 2 or 3 times and in the yard. It’s not like her to ju- ju- go outside at all. Uh- not- not by her- not in the middle of the night or even the morning by herself. 
Caller: She- she- she has musc- she has muscular dystrophy. Uh- she- she falls and (unintelligible) a lot of shit. And otherwise, she- she- she's perfectly able.
Caller: She is white, blonde hair, about uh- about 3 feet tall. 
Caller: She's- uh- about 30 pounds. 
Caller: Blue eyes. She has pyjamas. 
Caller: Uh- I think they- they were pink. 
Caller: Her name- her name is [daughter's name]. 
Caller: [daughter's surname].
Caller: Yes. 
Caller: Uh- the- the- the last person, me and my- me and my girlfriend put her- put her to bed right when we came in. We came in from a trip last night and everybody went to bed at like 8:30 or 8 around that time. 
Caller: I can’t say for sure because we usually go to bed at- at 7:30, but we were coming home from vacation. 
Caller: No. Uh- we- we don’t- we're a village and we don't get along- we don't have any- any neighbors that are uh- friendly. 
Caller: No. No, ma’am. 
Caller: (unintelligible). No, nothing. (unintelligible). My girlfriend says that the pyjamas that she was sleeping in are lying on the floor in there. 
Caller: She said the pyjamas that she put her in are laying (unintelligible).
Caller: Can you hear me now?
Caller: She said that the pyjamas that she put her to bed in are laying beside her bed. 
Caller: They're pink- they're- they're pink footy pyjamas. I can’t recall exactly what she went to bed in because I didn’t dress her. 
Caller: Yes, they’re on the floor in her room. 
Caller: No. 
Caller: Uh- her mother, [mother's name]. 
Caller: With a K.
Caller: Uh- nothing- nothing. 
Caller: She- she- she just- and she- and she- and she (unintelligible).
Caller: My name is [caller's name].
Caller: [caller's first name]. 
Caller: Can you hear me?
Caller: Can you hear me?
Caller: [caller's name]. 
Caller: Yes, [caller's surname]. 
Caller: [caller's surname].
Caller: [caller's first name]. 
Caller: Okay. 
Caller: Okay. 
Caller: Okay. Thank you so much.
