Caller: [address].
Caller: [caller's name].
Caller: Uh- There was a man in my home and he took my five year old daughter and I happened to wake up and he had my daughter outside and my husband run out there and got him from her, but he took my five year old daughter. 
Caller: Yeah he went and grabbed her, but he’s out there somewhere. And my- my husband went and grabbed her but he came in my home, my daughter sleeps in the basement and took my daughter out of the basement. 
Caller: [Husband's name], what color was he? He’s white and he’s down the road. And-
Caller: I don’t know, I didn’t see him, my husband did, [husband's name] I need you to go, I need you to go find him. 
Caller: My husb- How old [husband's name]? 40-50.
Caller: Bald.
Caller: Yeah, a little bit-
Caller: What color clothes, [husband's name]? Short and- shorts and a t-shirt.
Caller: Yeah, he went- uh- we live in a cul-de-sac and he went south in our cul-de-sac.
Caller: Oh, please hurry!
Caller: This just happened- I- I- I ran outside, my husband was still carrying her into the house and I grabbed my phone, so-
Caller: No, but he was saying something that he’s messed up and someone’s gonna hurt him or something, but he took my daughter from my house. 
Caller: He- [daughter's name], did he take you from your bedroom? How did- Did the man come in and take you? I- he was walking, he didn’t have a car that I could see. 
Caller: She said something about he was going to get shot so he took my daughter, I don’t know, but- 
Caller: Uh- I know and my husband’s gone outside. 
Caller: I don’t know how he got in here, we must have fallen asleep with the doors unlocked, but-
Caller: -for him to come in here and have gotten to my children, they’re in the basement. He entered my home.
Caller: No, but I just- I don’t know where this person is and he had my daughter. 
Caller: No, i don’t think so, she was like- she's still dressed and everything. Oh my god! 
Caller: I think he did, he went out in my car, he went [unintelligible] but he went to go looking for him so he can-
Caller: Yes. We heard the front door open, and I heard- I heard her talking and she’s just- she's just the sweetest little thing and I heard her voice and we ran out and my husband couldn't really see because he has contacts, you know what I mean, like-
Caller: We just bolted ‘cause I heard the screen door and- and so we just- we both ran. Are you okay honey? 
Caller: Yeah, it’s a Ford Escape, brown-
Caller: Yeah, it’s like a light brown, it’s tan. 
Caller: Uh- I didn’t see him at all and my husband said he’s white. 
Caller: Oh! My husband? 
Caller: Oh, you know what, my husband is also uh- he's bald with a beard, a short shaved beard. He has on uh- Chicago Bears pajamas pants and a- a zip up hoodie. 
Caller: No, no!
Caller: Okay. It looks like I see my car coming back down the road. 
Caller: Yep, my husband is turning into my driveway now. I see police officer cars. Okay, thank you, they’re here. 
Caller: Yeah
Caller: Okay, bye.
