Caller: There was a guy with a gun in the [store name] and-
Caller: The [place] one.
Caller: Because I can see it and I just heard it go off and now he’s walking towards my car.
Caller: Uh- He’s- It's a- it's a- it's a pistol and now he’s walking back in.
Caller: Yeah, I- the- the girl was screaming, like, I heard shots, but I don’t know what-
Caller: [to Speaker 2] I kind of don’t want to sit here if he’s, ya know. Should we go, like, hide behind the building or something? Yeah, I know, but, like, if he tries to shoot us for seeing him.
Caller: He’s not getting into a car.
Caller: He’s a- he's a Black man. He is wearing a black baseball cap. He’s got white shirt with, like, a black vest on and now he’s running northeast, east, southeast-
Caller: Now he’s moving-
Caller: Now the person is running back towards the- back towards the store-
Caller: I- I’m horrible with directions, okay?
Caller: Uh- he’s running towards the [different shop name]. 
Caller: I don’t know, (unintelligible)
Caller: Oh, my God, she is bleeding. She is, uh- here, okay, so north of the Campanile, southeast, southeast-ish, like, towards uh- like, towards [different store name] and towards- except the other, uh- God. 
Caller: Went towards southeast-ish, that direction-ish. 
Caller: Uh- it’s the only [store name] on [street name], sure.
Caller: Oh, that was me just trying to get my directions, I’m sorry. 
Caller: That’s the only way I know northwest and north.
Caller: He just walked in and he started screaming and- and she- and he- I heard shots and, I don’t know. When I went back to look he just, like- I mean, he didn’t point the gun at me or anything like that, but I didn’t know what was going on, so I, like, you know, ran.
Caller: Yes, she was working behind the pizza counter. [to Speaker 2] No, shit!
Caller: What?
Caller: No, I’m back in the [store name]. We came to see if she was okay since he just kind of ran off. 
Caller: Yeah, we went back into the store.
Caller: She’s in the kitchen laying on the ground next to the- next to the kitchen-
Caller: She was shot, there’s bleeding. 
Caller: There’s, like, a shell sitting on the table. Hey guys.
Caller: [to Speaker 3] Who are you calling?
Caller:  I called 911. Dude, I don’t think you’re getting any job. 
Caller: Yeah, I called 911. I’m on the phone with them. They put me on hold.
Caller: Yes. 
Caller: Lock the door, dammit. 
Caller: There’s a dead person in the kitchen. 
Caller: Yes.
Caller: Okay. 
Caller: [caller's name].
Caller: What? Yeah, he just pulled up.
Caller: Yeah. 
Caller: Yup.
