Caller: I need a- I need a- I need a officer or whoever you got. You gotta send in a ambulance to [address], immediately.
Caller: I just came home and my girlfriend and her mother- somebody hurt them. Oh, and I see blood everywhere and ran out and I opened the front yard, now. 
Caller: Please send help right now.
Caller: (unintelligible) blood everywhere. Please send somebody to help.
Caller: I can't.
Caller: My name is [caller's name]. 
Caller: I seen blood. I walked in and I seen blood all over the wall. 
Caller: And then I went in to [unintelligible] my mother's room and I seen blood all over her walls and ran outside. There's blood everywhere.
Caller: [girlfriend's name] is her name.
Caller: [girlfriend's name]. 
Caller: [girlfriend's name].
Caller: She might have been fucking pregnant. 
Caller: She might have been pregnant, I don't even know. 
Caller: I was supposed to come home to sleep with her.
Caller: I just dropped her off a couple of hours ago to take a shower. She told me 'come over in two hours'. I came back, I seen blood everywhere. 
Caller: No, I'm outside now. No, I don't.
Caller: No.
Caller: I wasn't even here. I don't know, I just- 
Caller: No.
Caller: No. I don't see anything.
Caller: Yeah, it's in the driveway, behind the (unintelligible), white one.
Caller: I am right now.
Caller: I don't know what's going on. I'm out here shaking like a leaf. I don't know what the hell is going on.
Caller: Okay, thank you.
Caller:  No, (unintelligible) just the blood, man. Like, I didn't know what to do, I ran. I don't even know if there is anybody in the house. I ran. The house is all dark. Everybody was sleeping inside, as far as I know. The house is dark.  
Caller: Like, I have no idea. I wasn't here. 
Caller: I know, I hear you. 
Caller: I don't even know what's- I don't even know if he got a knife. (unintelligible)
Caller: I don't know what to do. (unintelligible)
Caller: It's- it's my mother's house and I stay here with her basically every night. We were engaged, so I'd been sleeping- you know. I come over to her house to sleep over the majority of the time. Maybe like, I don't know, five, six times a week, really.
Caller: Tomorrow was her day off, we were supposed to go out and hang out, so I figured I was gonna sleep through the night and I come over and see this (unintelligible). 
Caller: She's 21.
Caller: Yeah.
Caller: [birthday].
Caller: [name]. You're sure they're on the way, right? I don't see anybody yet.
Caller: Oh god. (unintelligible)
Caller: I just peaked, like- you know, like how you would just open the door to the bedroom?
Caller: I just seen like a brief second of it. And I seen blood-
Caller: I went up the- her house is designed where you go in the front door and then the steps are right there. You walk up- in the steps and then you get up to the top of the steps, you make a left and you're in her room. It's a room, you can see the windows from the front.
Caller: I walked out, I'd seen blood so- I think, because I ran. I don't even know. I'm standing out in the middle of the road now. I don't even know if anybody's in the house. I don't know what the hell's going on. 
Caller: Oh my god. 
Caller: I'll do whatever I can. I mean, I just got here. I only know so much.
Caller: I have a gray sweat- I have a gray sweatshirt and uh- light gray sweatpants on, and uh-, black shoes.
Caller: I'm standing right out- literally in the middle of the road. Like I'm- I can't even go in the yard. I'm afraid I'm gonna get hurt standing here. I don't know what is going on. I just seen a light come on upstairs. 
Caller: It's all the way to the front of this window, all the way to the right. I just seen it come on and now it just went off.
Caller: No, I was here earlier today. I came over this morning and picked her up and she hung out at my house with me for the majority of the day. I was just over here this morning.
Caller: There was nothing. No, everything was normal as usual. 
Caller: Alright, they're here now.
Caller: Okay.
Caller: Okay. 
Caller: I did, I did. I am waving my arms now so they know.
Caller: Okay. 
Caller: Yes?
Caller: It's- it's [middle name]. 
Caller: [to the officer] she told me to stay on the phone until I make contact with you. Okay.
Caller: Yeah, they're here right now in front of me.
Caller: Okay.
