[address].
[caller's name].
Uh- There was a man in my home and he took my five year old daughter and I happened to wake up and he had my daughter outside and my husband run out there and got him from her, but he took my five year old daughter.
Yeah he went and grabbed her, but he’s out there somewhere.
 And my- my husband went and grabbed her but he came in my home, my daughter sleeps in the basement and took my daughter out of the basement.
[Husband's name], what color was he?
 He’s white and he’s down the road.
 And-
I don’t know, I didn’t see him, my husband did, [husband's name] I need you to go, I need you to go find him.
My husb- How old [husband's name]?
 40-50.
Bald.
Yeah, a little bit-
What color clothes, [husband's name]?
 Short and- shorts and a t-shirt.
Yeah, he went- uh- we live in a cul-de-sac and he went south in our cul-de-sac.
Oh, please hurry!
This just happened- I- I- I ran outside, my husband was still carrying her into the house and I grabbed my phone, so-
No, but he was saying something that he’s messed up and someone’s gonna hurt him or something, but he took my daughter from my house.
He- [daughter's name], did he take you from your bedroom?
 How did- Did the man come in and take you?
 I- he was walking, he didn’t have a car that I could see.
She said something about he was going to get shot so he took my daughter, I don’t know, but- 
Uh- I know and my husband’s gone outside.
I don’t know how he got in here, we must have fallen asleep with the doors unlocked, but-
-for him to come in here and have gotten to my children, they’re in the basement.
 He entered my home.
No, but I just- I don’t know where this person is and he had my daughter.
No, i don’t think so, she was like- she's still dressed and everything.
 Oh my god!
I think he did, he went out in my car, he went [unintelligible] but he went to go looking for him so he can-
Yes.
 We heard the front door open, and I heard- I heard her talking and she’s just- she's just the sweetest little thing and I heard her voice and we ran out and my husband couldn't really see because he has contacts, you know what I mean, like-
We just bolted ‘cause I heard the screen door and- and so we just- we both ran.
 Are you okay honey?
Yeah, it’s a Ford Escape, brown-
Yeah, it’s like a light brown, it’s tan.
Uh- I didn’t see him at all and my husband said he’s white.
Oh!
 My husband?
Oh, you know what, my husband is also uh- he's bald with a beard, a short shaved beard.
 He has on uh- Chicago Bears pajamas pants and a- a zip up hoodie.
No, no!
Okay.
 It looks like I see my car coming back down the road.
Yep, my husband is turning into my driveway now.
 I see police officer cars.
 Okay, thank you, they’re here.
Yeah
Okay, bye.
